Bitcoin bull bullish on bitcoin? Shocker.
Bitcoin goes up. Bitcoin goes down.
I've owned bitcoin before Bitcoin Cash came out, do I own bitcoin cash in some way now?
Bitcoin will keep chugging along. Bitcoin doesn't care.
What would happen to the value of Bitcoin You mean the price of Bitcoin. Value and price are different things. The price of Bitcoin is a market which is external to Bitcoin. Bitcoin exchanges are external to Bitcoin. Governments can attack these external parts, the exchanges and the price. Bitcoin keeps processing transactions, 144 new blocks every day. The price of Bitcoin is not important Would the mainstream investor use VPNs to access exchanges He can do whatever he wants. Bitcoin is not for investing
Ignorance is thick with Bitcoin. And that's just with Bitcoin users.
1 bitcoin = 1 bitcoin. then you dont have to chart anything!
Bitcoin can save the housing market. Bitcoin must save the housing market.
While exploring Bitcoin vs Bitcoin Cash conversation, the following guide taking a look at how it all began, and highlighting the differences between these two seemingly similar cryptocurrencies and the key reasons of the fork: Bitcoin vs Bitcoin Cash The Great Divide
BCHABC (Bitcoin Cash) is a peer to peer cash system,created to overcome the two significant challenges being faced by Bitcoin. The first being scalability- by increasing the "block size", it can process a higher number of transactions per second as compared to Bitcoin. The second being the transaction Fee- Bitcoin Cash transaction fee is lower thans Bitcoin.
"BoE Warns ~~Bitcoin~~ Fiat Could Become "Worthless", that's why bitcoin is so valuable..." Fixed it
Bitcoin!
Me: "Do you accept bitcoin" Them: "Yes" \-doesn't actually have any bitcoin- Me: "oh, that's cool"
Bitcoin is not debt, in a world drowning in it. Debt is slavery, Bitcoin is freedom.
Would this be good or bad for Bitcoin? What would happen to the price of Bitcoin?
Many people do not want to spend their Bitcoin. I doubt Bitcoin will ever replace the dollar.
It's not. In order to have anonymous, private Bitcoin you must first wash it via an anonymous exchange and into the wallet of a privacy coin like Monero. Then, convert that back to Bitcoin via another anonymous exchange and into a new Bitcoin wallet. Bingo bongo, anonymous, private Bitcoin.
Wrapped Bitcoin
Bitcoin does not have scarcity. It has limited supply where the limit is so high that scarcity can never effect the operation of the Bitcoin system As for your claim that Bitcoin-based derivatives create more Bitcoin, that extra supply only exists in that platform, does not exist in Bitcoin. Over time, every one of those "extra supply" platforms becomes misaligned with the real Bitcoin network, and implodes Your proposal does not apply to all leverage. In at least one platform, the participants deposit Bitcoin and buy leverage contracts. Buying a 10x short or long does not increase the supply, even on that platform. It simply reduces the time to liquidation of the losing contract by 90%. The winner gets all the loser's Bitcoin, not 10x the loser's Bitcoin
Imo they're terrible for bitcoin adoption. Don't want to associate buying bitcoin with 25% fees to do so.
Bitcoin is a major paradigm shift with the current system. In the current system, governments impose the value of fiat currencies on you. With Bitcoin, nothing is imposed on you. Bitcoin has value because each user chooses to believe it without any constraints. So Bitcoin could become worthless, but that won't happen, because what it brings to its users is unique. The fact that no one forces you to believe that Bitcoin is valuable, but that it is a conscious choice, reinforces the value of Bitcoin.
**Bitcoin is not a Ponzi Scheme**. In a Ponzi scheme: There is an "operator" a central authority (one person, or a small group), a swindler. The swindler receives money from people The swindler promises investors that their money will be invested in some business venture with an expected high rate of return. That money is NOT invested. There is no money-making business venture. Any returns are paid from the swindled money. The entire Ponzi Scheme is based upon a big, fat lie. The Ponzi scheme can only keep going so long as new suckers arrive to put their money into it. A Ponzi scheme cannot survive a "crash". A Ponzi scheme is illegal and immoral. Bitcoin is legal, and honest. Bitcoin has no central authority. Bitcoin is purchased from other Bitcoin owners and/or multiple exchanges. Bitcoin makes no promises about ROI. Bitcoin is not, and does not pretend to be a "money making venture"; Bitcoin IS money. Bitcoin has survived several crashes. Bitcoin can keep going without any new investors. Bitcoin goes up (or down) in price because of supply and demand in a genuine market. Bitcoin is based upon truth, verified by mathematics: its blockchain is an immutable public record of every Bitcoin transaction ever made.
Why not bitcoin??
bitcoin hipster lmao
Where’s the BCH....guarantee you people gonna be live “cool bitcoin is fast, bitcoin as in BTC” and not BCH
Bitcoin https://cointelegraph.com/news/malicious-isp-can-intercept-bitcoin-traffic-study Monero https://www.getmonero.org/get-started/faq/#anchor-danger-node
Hello, please tell me what can be done in such a situation My friend sent me a "bitcoin cash", to my "bitcoin" address of a coinbase, a person made a mistake and mixed up the addresses and sent them to my "bitcoin" address Tell me, is it really possible for me to use my funds if they were sent to me not to the Bitcoin Cash address but to my Bitcoin address?
Bitcoin will end banks, the root of the modern slavery. So, yes, Bitcoin will help reduce poverty. On a global scale.
Buy Bitcoin from your friends, in person, for cash Use a real Bitcoin wallet An exchange account is not a wallet
Buying **~~Bitcoin~~** and other cryptocurrencies here in the UK has always been a bit of a challenge. UK residents interested in purchasing cryptocurrencies have had to carefully weigh technical requirements, privacy concerns, and the legality of Bitcoin and other currencies. Read more: ~~https://www.blockchain-council.org/bitcoin/new-digital-id-lets-uk-residents-buy-bitcoin-through-the-post-office/~~
Why is bitcoin is worse than a Madoff-style Ponzi scheme? Because . . . >. . . bitcoin makes no promises and cannot end as a Ponzi scheme ends. And that's because Bitcoin is not a crime to begin with. It makes no promises.
Bitcoin can’t buy class
Oh fuck you bitcoin
ITT: bitcoin maximalist circlejerk
Bitcoin: Disrupting NWO domination.
Bitcoin makes JPMorgan obsolete.
Need Fiat but don't want to sell my bitcoin at any cost Is there a way to safely get loans on bitcoin?
Bitcoin dominance is fairly low. I would be more optimistic about this run if Bitcoin dominance was going up fairly non-stop.
While we didn’t see a Bitcoin exchange-traded fund (ETF) in 2021, we saw a few Bitcoin futures ETFs get approved in the U.S. Definition: A Bitcoin futures ETF indirectly gives investors exposure to the cryptocurrency without having to actually own the real thing. It tracks a derivative of Bitcoin instead of the actual crypto, which might be a plus or a minus depending on who you ask. History: There have been proposals for a Bitcoin ETF for nearly a decade, but the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission hasn’t approved one yet. That could change in the future. Currently: This year, the U.S. saw the approval of the first Bitcoin futures ETFs, such as the ProShares Bitcoin Strategy ETF and Valkyrie Bitcoin Strategy ETF. Both ETFs launched in October and could pave the way for a real Bitcoin ETF in the future. Final Thoughts: There are currently over a dozen active Bitcoin ETF filings that are waiting to get approved. Hope you enjoyed this commentary. Please subscribe to Early Bird, a free daily newsletter that helps you identify crypto trends: https://earlybird.email/
When more people realize that monero is necessary and everything people think Bitcoin is.. Bitcoin is worthless and has too many dick riders
Bitcoin is fine use that
Ledn seems ok for bitcoin
Bitcoin replace all the fiat
unfantomably based. Bitcoin fix this
Read the Bitcoin white paper
Bitcoin is a type of cryptocurrency as it uses cryptography to keep it secure. Bitcoin is a decentralized digital currency created in January 2009.
I think we are going to back the US dollar by Bitcoin in the new “gold standard” now gonna be the “Bitcoin standard” I think there will have to be a crisis before the government can realize that their currency is best backed by Bitcoin.
Bitcoin Cash has its own blockchain, its own specifications, and increased block size. This enables BCH to accelerate the validation process and thus process transactions quicker than Bitcoin. The wait times are also significantly shorter and the transaction fees are lower than those of Bitcoin.
Simply Bitcoin is amazing Thank you.
Can Bitcoin price pass this amount.
afaict, every centralized exchange is like this. 1. not your keys, not your bitcoin. 2. bitcoin is permissionless and requires no kyc. If you are creating or using a service that requires it, then you are operating outside the ethos of bitcoin. you are doing it wrong. 3. hodl 4. keep your bitcoin within the bitcoin economy. 5. if you must use an exchange, choose a decentralized exchange. 6. not your keys, not your bitcoin. 7. starve the centralized exchanges. 8. centralized exchanges are thieves, afaict. 9. government is in collusion with the exchanges and in fact create the situation. expect no help from them.
Bitcoin is the future. Holding my bags of Bitcoin tight and also target some metaverse projects, especially the presale reservation of Kotalverse that will start soon.
Think in terms of a Bitcoin standard. Bitcoin Blockchain will act as a central bank. LN Channels will need to exchange with the central bank to be opened and closed. Big transactions will be made on Bitcoin Blockchain from time to time. Daily payments on LN Channels.
15 Major Retailers and Services That Accept Bitcoin https://www.lifewire.com/big-sites-that-accept-bitcoin-payments-3485965 Shop with Bitcoin using online sites and mobile apps. Very useful list, its updated regularly and adds only confirmed major businesses or services currently accepting BTC as form of payment.
Bitcoin is a store of value not a currency just my opinion it can be used as a currency but honestly dogecoin is more realistic than bitcoin.
Captures from the Bitcoin Cash North Queensland MeetUp Wednesday night. Making friends and sharing knowledge about Bitcoin Cash. Money for the World. Connecting people locally and globally!
I like to hold Bitcoin. But it’s also fun to play with it. Satoshi held and then played mind games by never moving any of it. Some mine blocks and don’t claim the rewards. Some do good humored dust attacks on people. Some tip waitresses with 24 words and give them a 48 hours to move the Bitcoin to a wallet they control or they will be repossessed. Some write movies with Bitcoin as a theme. Some use Bitcoin to communicate. Bitcoin belongs to no one. We are free to use it how we want.
Of things that weren't already mentioned: Monero has no smart contract capability. Bitcoin Cash has. Bitcoin Cash is easier to develop on and for. For example, i wrote a payment processing proxy script over the course of a single weekend. Bitcoin Cash is more decentralized in development. Monero has a single "Core" team. Bitcoin Cash has about six different node implementations working in cooperation. This is beneficial for resisting developer capture.
Shakepay, buy Bitcoin and transfer to gate.io,
We all do this and Bitcoin transcends.
Learning more about Bitcoin sets you free.
Is Bitcoin mining‍ Legal at the uk
Why would bitcoin interest rates be lower ?
Exit strategy for bitcoin? I don't understand.
There's a famous formula: Leverage Bitcoin = Stupid
Did you pay for this in Bitcoin?
We accept Bitcoin at our gun store.
Guys, it's all over. Bitcoin is racist.
Governments can ban Bitcoin. Does it matter?
Get a job. Don’t sell your bitcoin. You will regret it the rest of your life. Bitcoin will transform the world and takeover, no naivety about it. Goodluck
I’m fascinated by the El Salvador Bitcoin experiment, and I hope it succeeds. However, it’s important to be skeptical and learn the details of what’s going on. Here’s an article explaining some of the issues in El Salvador with Bitcoin… https://foreignpolicy.com/2021/12/06/bitcoin-city-el-salvador-nayib-bukele/
Bitcoin Support by Bull Bitcoin is a new service designed to help anybody install, secure and manage their own Bitcoin Wallets with 1-on-1 phone calls and ongoing support calls. Available worldwide! Check out our awesome design at **BitcoinSupport.com** Our mission is to act as mentors on the Bitcoiner’s Journey to Sovereignty and Self-Custody for anybody that is willing to take the Orange Pill, regardless of their technical capacity. I guarantee that we can set anybody up with a proper self-custodial Bitcoin wallet with a passphrase and secure backup, and make the first Bitcoin transaction, within a 45 minute phone call (or a little more for grandma). Nobody left behind. &#x200B; Read full article about the announcement here: https://medium.com/bull-bitcoin/bitcoinsupport-com-by-bull-bitcoin-a-call-center-for-wallet-self-custody-3ef72eda0061
Banks are doing this all over the world, justifying the very existence of Bitcoin. Bitcoin is there to allow you to enjoy the fruits of your labor without any risk of censorship. The current banking system claims to protect you by not allowing you to buy Bitcoin, but one wonders who the banks are trying to protect by doing so. In my opinion, they are protecting themselves from the emergence of Bitcoin.
Do not use wealth simple as an exchange until they update to allow cashout as bitcoin I didn't know this until after I had deposited 100 dollars, now I have 96 dollars(due to market fluctuation) of bitcoin in a wallet that I can't get out as bitcoin, I can cash out or I can trade it for other crypto. But I would like to transfer bitcoin out to a separate wallet.
$1,500/$16 = 94 bitcoin He lost $4,606,000 😛
Has bitcoin ever risen 80% in 4 days?
Web 3.0 threatens Twitter's business model. Bitcoin doesn't.
You might want to read The Bitcoin Standard.
I bet you 1 bitcoin it moves right
Satoshi has hardly any Bitcoin. Nothing would happen
For how long have you held bitcoin/crypto?
Web 3.0 threatens Twitters business model. Bitcoin doesn't.
Bitcoin mining is not profitable for small timers
Inflation is a fiat problem. Bitcoin doesn't care.
Bitcoin already is the best smart contract system
never knew bitcoin living in woods hunting bears
The cool thing is, Bitcoin doesn't care. That's what keeps me here. I can count on Bitcoin doing exactly what it was created to do, regardless of trends or legislation.
I mean he has a point Bitcoin is speculation and can completely blow up. However, its a risk i am willing to take, since I believe in the value of Bitcoin.
I've had a donation Bitcoin address on my blog/podcast since 2015. This isn't where I keep most of my Bitcoin of course. But there's nothing dangerous about freely sharing a Bitcoin address for people to send money to. At least as long as you're ok with people knowing a bit about how much you're receiving and maybe where you're sending it. (This is why I use separate addresses to send my Bitcoin to my cold storage periodically.)
no, and honestly it shouldn't. bitcoin will co exist with fiat currency. its not trying to replace fiat, its goal is to offer store of value as digital property. i would never buy coffee with bitcoin and honestly the videos of people that are doing this is cringeworthy. they are missing the point of bitcoin.
Cornell professor might not live longer. But Bitcoin will.
How do you retire with Bitcoin without selling it?
I think bitcoin has died 300 times at least.
People live in houses. They don't live in bitcoin
Hey, I also accept bitcoin... can I have some?
CBDC will replace the dollar. Bitcoin will replace gold.
I run a business and yes I accept bitcoin.
We go up, Bitcoin goes down. Hopefully that changes
Guys it's over. This market is dead. RIP Bitcoin.
But bitcoin gonna crush right? Why would he? Lol
https://www.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/rb8msw/bitcoin\_cash\_foundation/
Why not everything is possible on crypto and Bitcoin.
All I want for Christmas is Bitcoin above 53k.
Bitcoin has already appreciated more than the housing market
There is a decentralised Bitcoin exchange called r/bisq
ethereum is not turing complete since it has to be limited by gas and still halts, which is also why they have to charge for failed transactions or it would be possible to make everyone compute things nonstop. this isn't an issue in bitcoin on purpose. you can trivially implement embedded states on bitcoin, as many have to invent things like nfts/tokens/dexs, with as much turing completeness but it would actually be decentralized on bitcoin unlike the centrally premine scam called eth. bitcoin script is not turing complete, but any other deterministically derivable state and operations on that state can be on top of bitcoin. a lot of effort went into making bitcoin script good at just 1 thing know instantly bitcoin spending validity upon entry into mempool that won't change relative to other transactions isolated to other utxos. its silly to pretend just globally validated state can be considered for this when bitcoin already ensures ordering and security of transactions to allow deterministically deriving ANY other optional-to-validate state logic. tldr: ethtards are not capable of rational thought
https://hackernoon.com/defi-on-bitcoin-how-sovryn-is-answering-the-final-criticism-against-bitcoin The following article talks about how the Bitcoin-based DeFi protocol called Sovryn can help unbank banking and make the underbanked financially sovereign. Then, it explores the natural evolution of DeFi as we know it. Advancing from Ethereum and other pockets of DeFi to a more robust Bitcoin-based solution could allow millions to participate in the most egalitarian redistribution of wealth in history. **Bitcoin and DeFi can solve the problem of unbanked people and also provide an alternative to current banking systems, which are not accessible to some.** It also mentions that statistics in countries like Mexico, the Philippines, or Vietnam show that people want an alternative to traditional banking accounts. **Could Bitcoin DeFi be the right choice for these people?** It also delivers a fact that with the upcoming years of the Metaverse phenomenon, Bitcoin is perfectly positioned to be the sound money of the upcoming digital era. Read the article here. * Part 1 Prologue and Introduction * Part 2 DeFi CeFi comparison * Part 3 Benefits of a Bitcoin-based DeFi system * Part 4 Meet Sovryn, the most feature-rich platform for Bitcoin DeFi * Part 5 Prerequisites for the Bitcoin DeFi and outro *“States and people that embrace this Bitcoin globalization will benefit from the prosperity and freedom it creates. Those who try to halt progress will fall behind.”* Read it from top to the bottom and let me know what you think about the influence Bitcoin can have in the upcoming era! :) *Enjoy the reading.* *Best regards, Mickey*
This is an interesting analysis. “The issue? RV isn't an accurate number bc it's impacted by all the paper #bitcoin issued by intermediaries. If all intermediaries always held 100% bitcoin reserves to back the bitcoin claims they issue, then RV would be reliable. But many intermediaries likely run fractional.” https://twitter.com/caitlinlong_/status/1472308813697060869?s=21
HI I'm new to investing and learning about cryptocurrency in general I was wondering if it is now a good time to invest about $200 dollars in bitcoin and should I buy them on the "Cashapp" app. I also have very to no acknowledge on what trading does? Is it like I trade one bitcoin for another persons bitcoin?
tldr; Bitcoin is a dead coin walking, carried by nothing more than inertia, name recognition, and the foolishness of the Eternal September of new users flooding into crypto. The hot debate among the “bitcoin is boring” crowd is not about whether Bitcoin will last. Proponents believe bitcoin is in competition with web3 cryptos. It’s not. It is trying to be digital gold. *This summary is auto generated by a bot and not meant to replace reading the original article. As always, DYOR.*
Bigger chances that Bank of England become worthless than Bitcoin.
Shakepay just introduced a prepaid Visa card with Bitcoin rewards.
https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0032.mediawiki#security
1/5 of bitcoin without any use case....crazy right
As long as Bitcoin keeps going, we will do great.
Yeah I'm bullish on Bitcoin but I don't believe it.
Not according to Saylor. Says bitcoin is property, not money.
To answer the second part of your question, no it was never called r/bitcoin. R/bitcoin is a cesspool of censorship and group think. Speaking positively about Bitcoin Cash is a bannable offense there. R/btc has become the main Bitcoin Cash subreddit since the fork. Many posts gets crossposted from there to here and vice versa. If you are surprised at the negativity and trolling here please understand the moderation is very light handed in an effort not to suppress free speech. The flip side of that is we are exposed to the social enginering going on to ruin Bitcoin. Since Bitcoin/BCH is perceived as a threat to current financial system the trolls come at us full force. BCH is the most hated coin out there because it works.
I haven't read the Tulips white paper yet, but first of all, that was a short lived mania, Bitcoin actually is a long term phenomenon. Bitcoin has a purpose. What purpose did tulips have?
Bear with me, this is a long wall of text. Bitcoin Cash is the highly improved version of BTC. Anyone can verify for themselves. Just send $10 worth of BTC and $10 worth of Bitcoin Cash from your own wallet A (not an exchange) to your own wallet B (not an exchange) and see for yourself the difference. But Bitcoin Cash is more than just fast cheap and reliable, it has many unique advantages over the old tech BTC (forever stuck on 1mb). Here are the improvements from Bitcoin Cash. &nbsp; **Better Security** – BTC has a vulnerability called RBF which increases the risk of double spending. Bitcoin Cash developers aim to make 0-confirmation transactions safe again so that anyone accepting Bitcoin Cash is much safer accepting payments without having to wait for multiple confirmations. This RBF security vulnerability exists only in BTC and not Bitcoin Cash. That's why Bitcoin Cash is more secure as a payment method. Here is an example of hackers stolen $150000 worth of BTC using the RBF security vulnerability. https://thenextweb.com/hardfork/2019/03/14/double-spenders-scam-150000-bitcoin/ It is super easy to double spend on Bitcoin using the RBF vulnerability. Source: https://news.bitcoin.com/video-shows-how-easy-it-is-to-double-spend-btc-using-rbf/ &nbsp; **Rapidly Growing Transactions Volume** Bitcoin Cash has more transactions than BTC+Lightning Network combined recently. On some days, Bitcoin Cash has more than double the transactions volume of BTC. Bitcoin Cash is growing rapidly while BTC is on the decline. &nbsp; **Defi Smart Contracts** Bitcoin Cash has defi smart contracts functionalities (eg. AnyHedge, Detoken, SmartBCH). SmartBCH allows Ethereum smart contracts to be deployed as a sidechain to the Bitcoin Cash network. This means as an Ethereum developer, you no longer has any friction jumping over to join the Bitcoin Cash ecosystem. All of them can come over to the Bitcoin Cash ecosystem to enjoy the low transaction fees of Bitcoin Cash. &nbsp; **Low Fees** – One of the advantages of using cryptocurrencies over traditional payment methods is the low fees. Due to the limited block size of BTC, fees have exceeded over $70/transaction during peak period. On the other hand, I have never paid more than 1 penny/transaction during my entire time in using Bitcoin Cash. This makes using Bitcoin Cash ideal for merchants, businesses, companies and everyday usage. The industries that may be disrupted such as Remittances, Derivatives, Payment Gateways, etc are worth trillions of dollars and Bitcoin Cash is well positioned for use cases in these industries. &nbsp; **Improved Scalability** – BTC is limited to 1MB blocksize and even with Segwit activated, the capacity increase is only around 1.7x whereas the upgraded Bitcoin Cash blocks capacity is currently at 32x with no limitations. This means Bitcoin Cash can handle PayPal transactions volume today and be global money after a few more upgrades. &nbsp; **Supply Scarcity** – During the fork from Bitcoin, some Bitcoin Cash supply were removed from active circulation due to users unable to claim their Bitcoin Cash from unsupported exchanges and wallets among other reasons. This means each Bitcoin Cash is actually more scarce than BTC. &nbsp; **Improved Confirmation Times** – Due to the limited block size of BTC, some users were made to wait days for their transactions to be confirmed. Contrast this to Bitcoin Cash where transactions may be accepted immediately with less risk and you can see why it makes sense to use Bitcoin Cash. In other words, if you are a shop owner and you just sold a cup of coffee and some sandwiches, and you accept the old BTC, you may have to wait hours for the transaction to be confirmed because the customer may use RBF to void the original payment. With Bitcoin Cash, your risk is minimized. &nbsp; **Higher Merchants Adoption** Bitcoin Cash is global money with more than 2,651,820 merchants accepting it. You can pay for your hotels, air tickets, food/drinks, groceries, nightlife, and more with Bitcoin Cash today. Source: https://1bch.com/?action=showBitcoinCashBenefitsFrame While Bitcoin Cash adoption is growing very quickly every single day, Bitcoin is having declining adoption and if this trend continues then Bitcoin is on a dead end. Source: https://np.reddit.com/r/NotAcceptingBitcoin/top/?sort=top&t=all &nbsp; **Lightning Network Problems And Vulnerabilities And Loss Funds** Some people may claim Lightning Network will solve Bitcoin problems but it has failed to gain traction due to many problems and vulnerabilities, such as loss of funds, unreliable transactions (constantly failing), and many other vulnerabilities. Source: https://www.crypto-news-flash.com/why-does-the-bitcoin-lightning-network-fail-new-study-proves-inefficiency/ Source: https://news.bitcoin.com/researchers-scathing-lightning-network-analysis-finds-flaws/ &nbsp; **Barriers To Success** Unfortunately, for the past 5 years, Bitcoin Cash has been constantly undermined by lies, propaganda, censorships and other malicious activities... **1a) censorships** https://medium.com/@johnblocke/a-brief-and-incomplete-history-of-censorship-in-r-bitcoin-c85a290fe43 **1b) propaganda** https://steemit.com/bitcoin/@adambalm/in-2013-peter-todd-was-paid-off-by-a-government-intelligence-agent-to-create-rbf-create-a-propaganda-video-and-cripple-the-btc and https://np.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/8dd5ij/why_bitcoin_cash_users_reject_the_name_bcash_so/ **1c) threats and harassments** https://np.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/is1130/it_seems_tim_draper_is_being_misled_about_bch_and/g54x63q/ **1d) DDOS attacks** https://wakgill.github.io/deryk/bitcoin-cyber-attacks **1e) Plus a bunch of other unethical stuff** if you care to read more at https://np.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/hgpjph/the_pitiful_state_of_bitcoin_cash_transactions/fw5qczk/ Anyone who dares to promote increasing the blocksize or favorably on Bitcoin Cash, they got banned and their voices silenced in the Bitcoin or Cryptocurrency subreddit. They also get harassed and attacked by online paid trolls. All these started back in 2015 even before Bitcoin Cash existed. &nbsp; **"Digital Gold" Or "Store Of Value" Propaganda** BTC is good with propaganda but this is simple economics. Something cannot be a store of value without it first be a means of exchange. Bitcoin Cash is both a store of value AND means of exchange thanks to its low fees. Bitcoin is not feasible as a means of exchange due to its high fees of around $10 (or more) per transaction. Store of Value: To act as a store of value, money must be reliably saved, stored, and retrieved. It must be predictably usable as a medium of exchange when it is retrieved. Additionally, the value of money must remain stable over time. Source: https://courses.lumenlearning.com/boundless-economics/chapter/introducing-money/ &nbsp; **Tokens** Today, anyone can issue their own loyalty tokens or digital money on Bitcoin Cash from as low as 1 cent. It's incredibly easy and anyone can do it at https://mint.bitcoin.com/. And anyone can then buy/sell/trade their newly created tokens on https://1BCH.com/ exchange which is fully focused on Bitcoin Cash and BCH tokens. &nbsp; **Increased Privacy** Bitcoin Cash has better privacy than BTC thanks to CashShuffle/CashFusion. You can enable it through the setting in the Electron Cash wallet and it's completely optional. If you don't want others to know how you spent your money, it is better to use Bitcoin Cash over BTC. &nbsp; **Continuous Innovations** For example, Cash Accounts allow people to send BCH to an easy to remember non-custodial alias such as MobTwo#12345. You may register your Cash Account at https://www.cashaccount.info/ Together with Reusable Payment Addresses (RPA), Cash Accounts will allow people to send BCH to your easy to remember alias with increased privacy. You can read more about RPA at https://np.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/o1z8a1/help_me_test_the_prototype_of_electron_cash_rpa/ Many more innovations on BCH not covered in this comment to avoid turning this into an encyclopedia. &nbsp; **Better Risk/Reward** If BTC gains another 1 trillion marketcap, it only 2x in price. But that same 1 trillion will give you around 108x your Bitcoin Cash investments. It is such a smarter option given the risk/rewards probabilities. As an investor, it make sense to know the difference between price and value. Bitcoin Cash has a high value low price while BTC has low value high price. &nbsp; At the moment, the old BTC has first mover advantage (eg. Friendster or MySpace or Kodak or Nokia) but that can only last them to a point. Eventually, I believe that Bitcoin Cash will overtake BTC's marketcap. Bitcoin Cash is the second opportunity to buy Bitcoin at a low price if you missed that opportunity back in 2013.
natalie brunell’s interview with lyn alden is a great interview that incorporates lyn’s personal journey into bitcoin which could be helpful to connect your audience and their personal journey into bitcoin: https://youtu.be/HL6NaO-Q4TM
Scriptless script will obliterate shitcoins and Bitcoin stands to benefit. 83% of all altcoin volume is stablecoins...so what happens if regulation drops? What happens as Bitcoin more and more establishes itself as money? Agreed.
Not too sure it’s Bitcoin use case. Many alts are not shitcoins, and we need a plethora of coins to answer all the needs. For now Bitcoin is proved to be better to store value
Hello bitcoin community. I’m extremely curious to know what bitcoin cash means and what the purpose of it is. I’ve tried Googling it and can’t seem to find a straightforward answer. Would really appreciate it!
In what ways? I can agree for some things you would use US dollar for to be replaceable by Bitcoin. But how will drug users replace their 100 dollar bills with Bitcoin to pretend to be rich while "consuming"? Not all things the US dollar is good for can be replaced by Bitcoin I guess? Its also hard for money printing ....
Hell of an inverse head and shoulders on Bitcoin hourly chart
I paid our lawn guy with bitcoin exclusively this past summer
my final form will be the bitcoin symbol on my eyelids
Ben on his YouTube channel brings these things up about Bitcoin.
Something will. It might as well be something better, namely, Bitcoin.
Honestly we still look great on the bitcoin sats chart. Goodnight
i accept bitcoin too. :) never use it, how does it work?
I have an online comic shop and offer Bitcoin as payment.
Is it made of real bitcoin or the old relic gold?
Hello, there is not any official wallet for Bitcoin Cash!? Thanks
Start here: Who Wants To Be A Bitcoin Millionaire? BBC Panorama I like this video because it's made for NoCoiners but still manages to explain how the whole technology works (second half). https://vimeo.com/255649919 But how does bitcoin actually work? This video is a bit more technical, but still explains the block-chain technology in simple terms. https://youtu.be/bBC-nXj3Ng4 Once you're done with the first two. Bitcoin for Beginners Playlist made by Andreas Antonopoulos Andreas is one of the best people in Bitcoin community and I feel like everyone has to meet him right at the beginning of their journey, down the rabbit hole. https://youtu.be/l1si5ZWLgy0 For yourself? The Bitcoin Standard and try to understand why Bitcoin is at a different level than any other crypto, before you lose all your money in rug pulls.
There seems to be a lot of misunderstanding among people about how bitcoin and how the underlying blockchain works, let us try to understand how it works in a layman terms. https://theabbie.github.io/blog/how-bitcoin-works
You are frikking amazing, man. If we ask ourselves what can we do to spread Bitcoin acceptance, this is the answer. If we want Bitcoin to be accepted by small businesses we need to become Bitcoin ambassadors and help them. Or at least ask them "Do you accept Bitcoin?", so we can plant little seeds that might grow later. By the way, is there a FAQ here on reddit on which apps use in small businesses? I've seen you talk about Breez wallet and Blue Wallet. I'll look more info about those wallets!
Look for the Megan stallion Cashapp ad. That's the basics for Bitcoin
Sure… nowhere else there is such uneven distribution of wealth than bitcoin
We do accept Bitcoin as well! and the gods approve ;) https://olympianbitcoin.store/
none of us will be around to witness the last bitcoin mined.
Great news but Bitcoin is going down. What else would you expect
They just need to replace "Bitcoin" with "fiat"....now it makes sense
Top .1% of Bitcoin holders hold 27% of coins in circulation Good.
Only if I had a bitcoin every time someone posted about it.
In bitcoin whales usually get slaughtered. Username checks out. Joke aside: Better stay away from bitcoin. You are too fearful and lack open mindedness to even glimpse into the rabbit hole. So you wouldn't get happy with it.
Thought this post was interesting the way it talks about the different Bitcoin Improvement Proposals and how they can help interopability, privacy and security https://ergoplatform.org/en/blog/2021-11-17-bitcoin-taproot-upgrade-and-ergos-sigma-protocols/
This is legendary for me, I haven’t seen bitcoin give us guidance in a while. We started to pump and then bitcoin said “I got you little guy”. It’s a good day no matter the outcome for me.
With Bitcoin, anything is possible, but that was never the point. The chances of the governments, banks and regulators allowing Bitcoin to take over the world, economically, is incredibly slim. They know it is clearly superior to what they have, but they'll make a sh!tcoin long before they sign everything over to us. Currency is about control. Bitcoin is not here to be controlled.
So let me ask you this? Looking for hyperbitcoinization and mass adoption? If so, then you can’t really complain. Millions of people will start pouring into bitcoin for many different beliefs. In the end it doesn’t matter, as long as they adopt it. Obviously they won’t understand or view bitcoin like the OGs, but it’s not important. Bitcoin is for everybody. That’s the point
Bitcoin is more than what we see and more than what we know
Why do you want to trade futures? Just buy physical bitcoin and hold
I hope you realise Bitcoin uses ASICs and not GPUs for mining now
Ada is jakob ingebrigtsen, bitcoin and ETH are the older 2 other siblings
Nothing matters right now but Bitcoin getting it's head out of it's ass
Tell me you don't understand Bitcoin, crypto and block chain without telling me....
say what you will about his past, this guy is great for bitcoin
#3 bought a humble $140m worth of dip https://bitinfocharts.com/bitcoin/address/1P5ZEDWTKTFGxQjZphgWPQUpe554WKDfHQ
Once these things comes to bitcoin, basically it's game over for everything else.
I now purchase my monthly VPN using crypto since they offer a 10% discount if you pay using either Bitcoin or Bitcoin Cash. Also saves me from getting charged the foreign currency fee when I used to pay by credit card.
Every time we get an order that someone chose Bitcoin as an option at checkout I get so excited! Half of them actually pay the invoice with it I think it needs to be easier to checkout with Bitcoin personally.
>Bitcoin 1hr shows us that Bitcoin has been in a falling channel since it broke a new all time high. I think the same can be said last time BTC broke ATH and pulled back to low 30ks and then rebounded.
Can i include bitcoin in a social media app just like steemit does? I mean can i make an app similar to steemit but instead of making a new crypto, can i use bitcoin in it? For example when someone likes a comment, he gets a bitcoin. If yes what will be the process? Will i have to buy a bunch of bitcoins before and then incorporate it in the app?
tldr; Former Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey responded to rapper Cardi B’s tweet where she questioned whether Bitcoin has the potential to replace the US dollar. Dorsey said, "Yes, Bitcoin will." Dorsey added, "Bitcoin will replace the green bills." Dogecoin's co-founder shared a meme to mock the instability of the Dollar. *This summary is auto generated by a bot and not meant to replace reading the original article. As always, DYOR.*
FYI, this sub has just been created for all Bitcoin DeFi projects /r/BitcoinDeFi
I am all for Bitcoin, but this sounds like a teeny weeny bit overkill
https://twitter.com/CarlosMaslaton/status/1462261627097595911 Bukele just announced a "Bitcoin City" with no taxes.
That’s only if you make money off bitcoin, a lot of people lose money
I can't tell if hyperinflation is actually going to help bitcoin or crash it.
bitcoin will replace all the currencies, we have to invest more fiat in it .
Bitcoin got me so wet rn.... But thats only cause im still underwater D;
In 2021 people still saying in everydip "Bitcoin is dead", just a meme nowadays.
I heard a crazy rumor. Unvaccinated sperm is going to be the next bitcoin.
when did you realize this is the last time to buy bitcoin below 50k?
What is the point of Bitcoin when every shitcoin just gets added alongside it
10Y yield looks like it's breaking down. Which is unsurprising given the 30+ year descending channel. Bitcoin has roughly followed the 10Y yield this year, but surely at some point the 10Y declining will be good for bitcoin? https://www.tradingview.com/x/Yva1dwC1/
the world governments will never achieve a level of coordination or cooperation to ban on ramps to bitcoin. there’s too much money at stake now. look at el salvador: made bitcoin legal tender, building a bitcoin city with no taxes (except vat). you think singapore, malta and switzerland are gonna stand by and allow a tiny south american nation make billions of dollars and become the new tax haven? and then if singapore, malta and switzerland become friendly to bitcoin you think new york, london and tokyo are gonna pass on making billions of dollars? the game theory baked into bitcoin make it inevitable for nations to adopt it in some way or form. there’s too much money at stake and if you don’t take advantage of it early then your competitor will. and there is an urgency because if your competitor adopts it before you they get to take advantage of the price increase. you think the usa will stand by if russia comes out with an announcement that they added bitcoin to their treasury or the other way around you think russia would stand by if the usa added bitcoin to their treasury?
According to https://www.wsj.com/articles/bitcoins-one-percent-controls-lions-share-of-the-cryptocurrencys-wealth-11639996204, this study "*mapped and analyzed every transaction in bitcoin’s more than 13-year history"* but says nothing about bitcoin held by exchanges, which purportedly hold bitcoin in aggregate for many individuals, thus heavily skewing the study;s findings. Here's a study that does take this into account and shows a much more dispersed ownership: https://insights.glassnode.com/bitcoin-supply-distribution/
I personally doubt Bitcoin will still be used by the time the last coin is supposed to be mined. I think bitcoin is one of the first manifestations towards a much more transparent and honest civilization. We are currently undergoing a huge transition and bitcoin will probably be a successful monetary system for a couple decades. But I don't think we can't come up with something better in the next 100 years. We'll see though.
tldr; Former Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey has predicted that bitcoin will eventually replace the US dollar. Dorsey, who recently left Twitter to start his payments company Block, has been a bitcoin believer for years. The bitcoin price has fallen back in recent weeks, losing over 30% of its value in just over a month. *This summary is auto generated by a bot and not meant to replace reading the original article. As always, DYOR.*
No no no, that's not how it works. Banks are evil! Bitcoin good, banks bad
Welcome to Bitcoin. **Intro**: *The Trust Machine* (22 min): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZKwqNgG-Sv4
Trolling for the lolz, or genuinely furious at Bitcoin for unspecified reasons? What's your guess?
The fact that Bitcoin is being accepted at many places, make users a convinient surrounding.
I'm a little more modest I think Bitcoin will hit 1 million around 2030/2031
“DOGE is just Bitcoin with a dog on it.” -Billy Markus, co-creator of DOGE.
>If you rely on advice and guidance on BitCoin from /r/bitcoin.... say it with me.... >you're gonna go broke. Generally good advice, but on this occasion I'd say that comment r/agedlikecrypto (yes, that's a real sub) Thanks for sharing OP! Interesting read
Today, on Bitfinex, Litecoin reached a maximum of just over $ 157, and a minimum of just above $ 145. And once Bitcoin was not even worth this money. If we had known 10 years ago what the future holds for Bitcoin, we could live differently now.
We once separated church and state, which promoted religious freedom. Bitcoin may separate *money* and state and promote financial freedom. Also, distinction may be made between an asset (Bitcoin) and a currency (the US dollar). I thnk they will co-exist for a long time.
Bitcoin does not fix "lack of money." It's kinda like another way to do economic activities. Does paypal reduce poverty? Square/block? Venmo? If you had no money and no good means to get it, you still don't have money even if bitcoin exists.
This is one of the scenarios I am seriously considering but in the longer term. In my opinion, the domination of the US dollar over the world will end sooner or later. It is only a matter of time. Then the world will look for a neutral, non-political reserve currency. What better choice than decentralized hard money like Bitcoin? Before we get to that point, I see Bitcoin continuing its adoption to become an alternative system that allows everyone to choose between the fiat system or the Bitcoin system. That's the first step before we think Bitcoin can replace the US dollar as the world's reserve currency.
Bitcoin will be the ultimate store of value. USD will be the ultimate form of currency.
Why wait until a bear market to invest in bitcoin? Lol I don’t understand this logic
Enjoying this bitcoin rally but 53k is the real gauntlet… cloudy skies ahead. https://i.imgur.com/j18f4IN.jpg
I always wonder and I will always wonder What’s happen when the last bitcoin is done ?
You can always sell goods and services for Bitcoin. You don't need an exchange for that.
There's no divide. One is bitcoin and one is a scam coin made by a scammer.
For a few months now, been going to some of the places I frequent (cafes, restaurants, barbershops, etc.) and constantly ask if they accept Bitcoin. Some say "no," others "would like to." Got a haircut one day. Ask my barber if he'd accept bitcoin as a tip. Excited, he said yes. Said he only had a Gemini account, but no wallet. Blank canvas to work with here. Showed him how to use a Bitcoin wallet (BlueWallet), and tipped him using Lightning. His mind blown. He had no idea you could actually use Bitcoin. Went to the counter to pay, heard my barber say to the other barbers in the shop, "yo, I just got my first Bitcoin tip!" They all start chatting about it and he shared what he knew and the wallet he used. They keep chatting away. At the register, I asked (for the 3rd time in 3 months), "do you accept Bitcoin." The gal at the register says, "We might have too." Later that night, went to dinner with the misses at our favorite restaurant. We know the owner. Asked him (again), if he accepts Bitcoin. Says he wants to. Shows me his Coinbase account. I introduce him to Breez Wallet (he's a small shop) and get him set up. Dinner paid via Lightning. A couple months have gone by; fast forward to today. Checking the local news and see an article listing several dozen small stores (the barbershop and restaurant I frequent included) that are now starting to accept Bitcoin, and a few more dozen looking into it. Been working with the local chamber of commerce and economic development board on how to educate more business owners onto Bitcoin for some time, but by far, the simplest way to share Bitcoin and see growth in the area was to just keep asking, "do you accept Bitcoin?" Anywho, thought I'd share. 🍺
I really think the obsession with this question isn't healthy. If Bitcoin is a microwave and USD is the standard oven... who cares? Governments aren't going to give up issuing fiat currencies. Anyone who thinks they will is dreaming. But this makes no difference to Bitcoin.
Please utilize this sticky thread for all general **Bitcoin** discussions! If you see posts on the front page or /r/Bitcoin/new which are better suited for this daily discussion thread, please help out by directing the OP to this thread instead. Thank you! If you don't get an answer to your question, you can try phrasing it differently or commenting again tomorrow. Join us in the r/Bitcoin Chatroom! Please check the previous discussion thread for unanswered questions.
El Salvador, is building a whole city based on the largest cryptocurrency. “Bitcoin City” will be located along the Gulf of Fonseca near a volcano. The government plans on locating a power plant by the volcano to provide energy for both the city and bitcoin mining, the president said. I recently came a long Atpay and Earth2. I wonder if coins like this will have a place in Bitcoin City. Will more country's make coin city's?
Firstly become familiar with the history of BitcoinCash and how it came to be 1 Become familiar with what makes bitcoin cash an actual crypto-currency that can be used in a human society 2 Becoming familiar with bitcoin's drawbacks and vulnerabilities, compare the two technologically, learn how they work, their differences 4 Lastly you need to understand the ideology of BCH its self, it stems from satoshi the creator of bitcoin its self. Which is why many BCH supporters refer to it as the actual bitcoin, there's a reason for that. 5 Summary: BCH is a fork of bitcoin that was created as a solution to the blocksize issue aka the fees/ transaction speed that the current "bitcoin" is suffering from. This is a quick rundown I am tired so I can't really assist, if you got specific questions just ask.
Back in 2016 / 2017 there was massive discontent with bitcoins slow block times, small block sizes and expensive transaction fees. People promoted "fee-lees" coins, big block forks and labeled bitcoin a dead project. Here we are 5 years later and bitcoin is still king with lightning network making it more useful than any high transaction volume shitcoin. Today there is massive discontent with bitcoins lack of smart contracts, lack of turing complete programmability and seemingly no path to building web3 Dapps and DAOs on bitcoin. People are promoting a plethora of smart contract shitcoins and labeling bitcoin dead boomer technology. In 5 years from now bitcoin will still be king with 3rd layer scripting solutions making it more useful, more secure and more scalable than any of todays smart contract platforms. Patience is a virtue in crypto.
Number of users is irrelevant to Bitcoin mining energy usage, it is purely determined by mining rewards.
Yea, go ahead and tell everyone you own bitcoin with a ring. Hope your funds stay secure
Posted here today: https://www.coindesk.com/business/2021/12/15/cardcoins-offers-bitcoin-payments-over-the-lightning-network/
Im still buying folks They are manipulating bitcoin to crash litecoin Don’t let them take yall coins
Bitcoin has a very bright future but I don’t see it replacing usd it will 100% coexist
Do you want to earn bitcoin NOW? CLICK HERE AND GET STARTED NOW **https://www.freemining.club?referral=1194494**
If altcoins and Bitcoin are gamble then memecoins are f*cking casino in center of Las Vegas
Interesting, thank you. Do you know how the new taproot upgrade affects the turing completeness of bitcoin?
u get paid in fiat &#x200B; buy bitcoin with all the fiat u have. now spend bitcoin to buy grocery and necessary stuffs only. thats how a true bitcoiner will do. if any family had followed this in terms of gold since centuries they would have been filthy rich
tldr; The Bank of England has warned that Bitcoin could theoretically or practically drop to zero. Bitcoin is valuable to over 130 million users now, but they could all decide at the same time in the next few hours that Bitcoin is worthless. Bitcoin's goal is to give power back to the people by removing control of money from the hands of governments. *This summary is auto generated by a bot and not meant to replace reading the original article. As always, DYOR.*
For those of you who enjoy supporting Bitcoin-accepting businesses, I just purchased a pair of eyeglasses from The Optical Co. and they did a great job. In order to make a purchase with Bitcoin, you simply enter the payment discount code "crypto" when you check out, and then they will e-mail you a Bitcoin invoice. They were pretty quick too: it took exactly one week from the day I made the purchase for the glasses to arrive on my doorstep. They also apparently sell contact lenses and sunglasses. This company is (as far as I'm aware), the only place you can purchase eyeglasses directly with Bitcoin, so I'd encourage others to support them in this effort. :)
Guys i have a question for people who believes in bitcoin scarcity and/or tool for inflation hedge . So why bitcoin scarcity matters if you have unlimited perpetual futures short contracts available ? Which means even if u have limited bitcoin SPOT supply you can outweight it with unlimited futures shorts contacts . So how and why scarcity even matters ? Moreover u can use high leverage so its even easier to outweight bitcoin spot buying .As long as you have enough usd collateral you can outweight all spot scarcity. Like you had two physical silver shortages this year is it going up fast ? No its not . Why ? Short contracts . How bitcoin is different . EDIT nr 1 . I appreciate everyone who addressed my question without feeling attacked and throwing random counter arguments while completely ignoring question itself . If you too emotionally invested skip the post im here to have healthy discussion ;) thanks
I asked a similar question a while back if you're interested. https://old.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/n2nx2y/what_needs_to_know_your_private_key/
Looks like CNBC decided to go against Bitcoin around 2017 Check out all of them at https://www.bitcoinisdead.org
Agree or disagree: A Bitcoin will, in your lifetime, either be worth A) millions, or B) virtually nothing.
Been buying the dip! All these American bitcoin mining companies will prove to be successful (Riot, Mara, Stronghold).
Can I ask a simple question? How can you post FUD on a bitcoin forum and not expect to be called a moron? Just like the 2018 Asshat phenomenon which I couldn't be bothered to explain or provide any information on. Bitcoin has already turned 100s into 1000s for me. HFSP
Great question! Here's some more info about r/BTC https://bchfaq.com/faq/why-is-r-btc-about-bitcoin-cash-instead-of-btc/ , it's an uncensored sub about all Bitcoin related discussion created before BCH was a thing. This sub was created to have a bit more tightly controlled moderation. u/chaintip
This all sounds great but think I am missing your interest rate point. On 300k think the half point difference would be about 150 dollars, think I would rather be paying in $ (which would likely continue to inflate) vs paying in Bitcoin. Why wouldn’t I want to keep my Bitcoin?
It's like they close they eyes and pretend nothing that happened in the last 10 years actually happened. They are idiots. Bitcoin used to cost $1. Now it costs $47,000. And they still think, "nah". Anyone who doesn't believe in Bitcoin at this point is either ignorant or has an agenda.
The main reason why Bitcoin uses specialized hardwares for mining is that it's the only way to promote efficiency. Also it's very important because it creates an another important link between the real economy and the Bitcoin economy... heavy costs in the real world disincentives someone to break the rules.
I'm always preaching to find confluence between charts for market moves. And this doesn't always work perfectly, but it is such an edge to this market that most traders do not see. We are able to time some really big moves out of Bitcoin by doing some basic technical analysis on bitcoin dominance. And BTC.D is currently nearing the end of a really step falling wedge, and we love wedges because they come to an apex. \*\*REMEMBER: Bitcoin Dominance does not tell us the direction of a big move, just preludes that a big move may be coming\*\* So the next step is to look at the Bitcoin chart. Bitcoin 1hr shows us that Bitcoin has been in a falling channel since it broke a new all time high. And this makes sense because Bitcoin has needed to cool off and reset funding rates. Statistically speaking, both of those patterns should break higher, but they could also break lower and it's important to have a plan in place for all scenarios. So here are the 4 scenarios and how they each play out differently. 1. BTC.D and BTC both break higher Bitcoin breaks higher from the falling channel, the bitcoin rally begins, and BTC.D is increasing because FOMO is driving new money into the market and Bitcoin is pumping like an altcoin 2. BTC.D and BTC both break lower Bitcoin likely would pull back to the lower support of the falling channel and bulls would have to hope that support level holds. And because BTC.D breaks lower, most altcoin will remain stable, with few big gainers. 3. BTC.D breaks higher, BTC breaks lower Bitcoin likely would pull back to the lower support of the falling channel and bulls would have to hope that support level holds. And because BTC.D breaks higher, all altcoins will get wrecked. When bitcoin goes down and bitcoin dominance goes up, there is blood is the streets. 4. BTC.D breaks lower, BTC breaks higher This is a market euphoria scenario. Almost all coins are green, tons of double digit green altcoins. Almost no way to lose in this scenario unless you are late to the party and FOMO at the top. But notice that there are only 2 charts here, and we can at least paint some pictures for possibilities. It's important to plan for each scenario because the last thing you want is to wake up in the morning, check your coins to realize your entire portfolio has dropped a zero, and hope that emotion-filled you is going to make the right choice in that moment. You need to check the plan you said you were sticking to, and follow it. Happy trading! Remember, right now, dips are for buying :)
For a few months now, been going to some of the places I frequent (cafes, restaurants, barbershops, etc.) and constantly ask if they accept Bitcoin. Some say "no," others "would like to." Got a haircut one day. Ask my barber if he'd accept bitcoin as a tip. Excited, he said yes. Said he only had a Gemini account, but no wallet. Blank canvas to work with here. Showed him how to use a Bitcoin wallet (BlueWallet), and tipped him using Lightning. His mind blown. He had no idea you could actually use Bitcoin. Went to the counter to pay, heard my barber say to the other barbers in the shop, "yo, I just got my first Bitcoin tip!" They all start chatting about it and he shared what he knew and the wallet he used. They keep chatting away. At the register, I asked (for the 3rd time in 3 months), "do you accept Bitcoin." The gal at the register says, "We might have too." Later that night, went to dinner with the misses at our favorite restaurant. We know the owner. Asked him (again), if he accepts Bitcoin. Says he wants to. Shows me his Coinbase account. I introduce him to Breez Wallet (he's a small shop) and get him set up. Dinner paid via Lightning. A couple months have gone by; fast forward to today. Checking the local news and see an article listing several dozen small stores (the barbershop and restaurant I frequent included) that are now starting to accept Bitcoin, and a few more dozen looking into it. Been working with the local chamber of commerce and economic development board on how to educate more business owners onto Bitcoin for some time, but by far, the simplest way to share Bitcoin and see growth in the area was to just keep asking, "do you accept Bitcoin?" Anywho, thought I'd share. 🍺 &#x200B; *Edit: Really appreciate the engagement here. Been a long time lurker, and this is really kind of a first for me to share my experiences with you all. Lots of very interesting topics and points being brought up. Has the almonds activated for sure.*
I could see it either way. I think in the future, ultimately it seems Bitcoin would be better. Like, china's going on the blockchain with their currency. Why not put dollar on blockchain? I only think that US politicians dislike Bitcoin as all of their activity could be transparent and seen by the masses. Of course they want to avoid taxes, be corrupt. So of course a lor of them hate bitcoin. Just my opinion. I think over time, even USD will become worthless. It's just inevitable
tldr; Bitcoin rose the most in more than a month, briefly climbing back above $49,000 for the first time in five days. Bitcoin had slumped about 30% over the past five weeks after setting a record high of almost $69,000 in early November. Bitcoin may have put in a bottom in the midst of an enduring bull market, mirroring the recent crude oil peak. *This summary is auto generated by a bot and not meant to replace reading the original article. As always, DYOR.*
This is the most effective evangelism we have at our hands. Every business, every time: Do you accept Bitcoin?
The new digital yuan will replace the dollar. Bitcoin is entirely new system that will rewrite our economic theory
so this looks like bitcoin is maturing and slowing down? what do you predict the cycle top to be?
I should look don't they have bitcoin atms in 🇨🇦? Sell for 💸 and deposit it into your bank.
the tech behind bitcoin and the tech behind BTc are now totqlly different, fead the white paper, it's easy
I have stopped doing this. Only newbs do this and then you eventually realize when you're your own bank and can be subject to a $5 wrench attack it's not safe to go shouting that you have bitcoin. We always use code words when talking about bitcoin in public to each other.
Transactions are verified by the node network. Miners provide a service to the node network. Their guessing competition creates a delay between blocks, which helps the node network to remain synchronized The node network will continue to verify transactions forever Bitcoin mining will continue forever Bitcoin miners do not need to be rewarded
Hey gang, Any guesses on when we can expect “true” Defi on Bitcoin- I mean something like a “Uniswap on Bitcoin” or some kind of decentralized lending/liquidity providing. We’re not really there yet from what I can see. So far i’ve seen things like Sovryn and Badger DAO but they seem a bit more…rudimentary(?) compared to something as easy and fluid as the Defi on Ethereum. With the Taproot upgrade it certainly seems like smart contracts will become easier, so I have to imagine there are developers racing to build some sleek Defi on Bitcoin. Would be pretty dope to securely, easily lend out Bitcoin or liquidity provide and still have the security of the Bitcoin blockchain backing it up. Of course we already have options like WBTC but there’s some counter party risk there, high gas fees, etc. I know these things take time but what do you think? 1-2 years? Cheers.
Zoom Out. Bitcoin dropped from 69,000 to 53,000. 58k is not fear, it's last week's price. 53k is not fear, it was GIVEN because a 5X longing the top was a 54k liquidation. (sorry n00bs) It's also last month's price. 40-something would be REAL fear. It also makes sense, because if there is a $400k bitcoin, that would be a 10X. In 2013 there was a 13X from similar levels. 1100/85 = 13X. There's your "diminishing returns" lol. A 400 thousand dollar bitcoin! Hallelujah! We can't break 28k or this whole thing is over. And if bitcoin loses, the whole world loses forever. There is no second chance for something like bitcoin. So, for fun, I'd just like to say that (I believe) the real bottom before the move will be 44k. Maybe a scam wick down to high 30s on a few Exchanges. We are looking for a massive red volume candle before the parabola. Take care out there.
Check out these posts: https://old.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/rjwxyj/most_recent_onchain_data_still_painting_robust/ https://old.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/rjm9vs/chinas_huobi_exchange_dumped_320000_bitcoin/hp4n22f/?context=3 This is super bullish for Bitcoin. It indicates, as OP suggests, that the massive Chinese selling that has been holding the price down, is almost done. Also, the less influence, miners and Bitcoin China has, the better! Accumulate as much as you can before the skyrocketing in January. Edit--> Also watch this, another very important factor that is pushing the price down and will also end soon: A lot of institutions and individuals are selling to get the tax benefit for the 'loss write off' and a tax loophole that's about to end. And they'll be buying back in January. https://youtu.be/wMoEhDpBa4o?t=27
Satoshi of all people should know you don't sell your Bitcoin. His hands are beyond diamond. FLEX TAPE hands lmao
Not bitcoin, he says it right in the beginning and you can see the symbol in the top left, AMRN.
For everyone suggesting Monero and Bitcoin... POW ≠ GPU mineable. Both of these are horribly unprofitable to mine with a GPU.
You may want to check out this previous post on this subreddit- trying to explain Bitcoin whitepaper in 15 minutes.
Would you prefer for a hacker to be able to withdraw your bitcoin without proving that they are actually you?
For as long as we are discussing what Bitcoin is worth in US dollars, I just don't see that happening.
Bitcoin will become a global currency for the internet, but stopped short of predicting it will replace existing major currencies.
If they steal your Audi you can go to your insurance company. If they get your bitcoin your are screwed.
Bitcoin calls heavily outnumber puts around Christmas as well. I think we’re finally seeing the beginning of the next rally
The most private and secure way to use bitcoin is to send a brand new address to each person who pays you. After the received coins have been spent the address should never be used again. Also when sending money to people always ask them for a brand new bitcoin address. https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Address_reuse
This is a possible scenario, but one of many. The US dollar is currently the world's reserve currency, and no credible alternative can claim to replace it in fiat currencies. As a neutral, non-political hard money, Bitcoin has a huge case to make, but it's hard to imagine that America will let this happen without doing everything possible to prevent it. A closer scenario is that Bitcoin will reach the level of an alternative system allowing everyone to choose between the current system and Bitcoin. But again, this will be a long road.
BCH tx volume surpassed BTC back in April, but what happened since? It looks like it straight up tanked shortly thereafter: https://bitinfocharts.com/comparison/transactions-btc-bch.html#3y ~~Also, on a side note, didn't this sub used to just be called /r/bitcoin? Or what happened to /r/bitcoin? I thought it was BCH friendly. Did it get taken over somehow? I'm not confusing it with /r/btc either that one was super negative.~~ EDIT: Realized i mixed up /r/btc and /r/bitcoin thanks for the clarification!
This isn't bitcoin TA but still a hilarious and REAL video of a guy losing his shit. All of his shit.
On the weekly Bitcoin is just doing what it did before it went up 60 to 80% the last two times.
He won’t be there to see the last Bitcoin mined because it’s in 120 years…. No one alive will be around
Doesn't help that every time you search google for litecoin, it asks "did you mean BITCOIN?" on the search result header.
There are apps/websites to sell your gift cards on. Just use one of those and buy Bitcoin with the proceeds.
I am amazed that people don’t know about the halving of bitcoin, that actually causes a huge impact on these cycles.
Really low comment volume in here lately. Crypto fear and greed at 28 (fear). Bitcoin PA all over the place. ... bullish?
Are Greyscale still buying Bitcoin at a greater amount than is mined each month or has the demand all but disappeared
I truly believe in Bitcoin cash as the checking account bitcoin as the savings account. The market does need to mature a little more for BCH tho. It can’t fluctuate to the downside more than 10 percent if we expect ppl to use it as real money. A lot of underdeveloped countries could still benefit tho.
The good thing about all this 'crypto' nonsense is that it will grant more time to buy more bitcoin at lower prices.
Unless customers can buy actual Bitcoin, then send it to their own (hardware) wallet, this is just more bullshit to scam people.
Here are a couple fun reads. Cheers. https://diverter.hostyourown.tools/mining-for-the-streets/ https://www.econoalchemist.com/post/home-mining-for-non-kyc-bitcoin
read mastering bitcoin, you wont get it with a 1 page article even then an understanding of cryptography goes a long way.
I think you’ve miss understood the taproot update. Smart contracts as we know them are not coming to Bitcoin as of yet.
The problem with Bitcoin breaking ATHs all the time, is that it gets harder to remember what the most recent ATH is!
If you do distribution of bitcoin vs any other crypto you'll find out that it is actually least weighted at the top.
I am getting good APY with Bitcoin, not sure if I can give them away :) but this is a good call, mate
Shakepay is the fastest and most reliable way to buy bitcoin in Canada IMO.. the extra spread is worth it to me.
Bitcoin is like a beautifully baked digital pumpkin pie. All warm and crusted with caramelized orange deliciousness. And this is a pie made to serve an entire planetary family. Any Bitcoin for which you have exclusive access to the private key or seed phrase is a hearty slice of that wonderful pie that's all yours. Of course, some people at our global feast haven't yet learned that they actually like Bitcoin pie, and are still looking at a slice of Bitcoin as only being worth exchanging for some amount of currency party snack, such as US$ peanuts, UK£ crackers, or EU€ olives. But, for those of us who have learned how very tasty, filling, and even nutritious Bitcoin pie is, Bitcoin's most *unique* value — as a *global*, *fixed*, non-inflationary pool of *digital-native accounting* that has *very rigid and reliable rules* that are completely *public* when it comes to how transactions are recorded — makes it worth far more than any local snack currency. We want to enjoy as much of that pie as we can get, so even if it means letting our fellow revelers gorge on more of the hors d'oeuvres, it's ok, as we will have far more room in our bellies for that delectable Bitcoin dessert. During our meal, while we are happy to eat a variety of more mundane-but-still-filling currency foods that the world has brought to the table to offer us, we Bitcoin pie lovers might find that those seated around us are curious about the dessert that we've been so looking forward to. So we regale those who are interested in our stories of being here in the Bitcoin-pie-lovers fandom over the years. We explain to them that the long term goal has always been to have Bitcoin as the global online currency for keeping track of resource transactions, rather than us always being dependent on lots of local/national/regional currencies that have rules that are unstable, unreliable, sometimes even undemocratic, and are all quite difficult to use on the internet, and can be annoying to use between individuals without some corporate third party interfering and wanting to take all manner of profit out of the exchange. (We remind those we're telling the Bitcoin tale to that of course local currencies, and profiteering middlemen can still be useful, locally and occasionally. But for global accounting between independent individuals, we need something hyper-stable and fully digital and not requiring middlemen.) And for those few table-mates who might be on the more geeky side of the personality spectrum, we might have some time to go on to explain some details about the quantified value of a single Bitcoin. We remark that due to the way Satoshi wrote the original Bitcoin rules, and due to how much the early users of Bitcoin appreciated those rules, at this point in the development of Bitcoin as a global currency, it would be almost impossible to change the very specific value that one Bitcoin has had since the beginning, which is: **1 Bitcoin = 1/21000000 or 0.0000047619048% of the total Bitcoin pie** We note that while those might seem like very, very small numbers (and a very small piece of pie), even if we're *only* counting the humans seated at the table, then we're proportioning out Bitcoin pie to nearly 8,000,000,000 humans. And that means that if slices of the Bitcoin pie were equally distributed amongst every human, we would each have 0.002625₿ or 262,500 sats. So one perfectly *average* serving of Bitcoin pie is about 260,000 sats. YUM! And, for the very few folks who are still enjoying our story, we point out that in the more enlightened sci-fi like future, humans probably are not going to be the only types of individuals/groups who we'll want to keep track of our transactions with. We describe how organizations, robots, other Earthling species, and whole ecosystems like the Amazon rainforest or a river system might be considered *persons* we want to record our transactions with, so an accounting system might require even more pieces of pie than 8 billion, which means that the average slice will be even smaller, while still being *very filling* of course, meaning that even just 0.0000047619048% of the global Bitcoin pie is actually pretty huge for a huge planet such as the Earth with so many different Earthlings, and communities of Earthlings. And so **262,500 sats is probably plenty** of pie for us each to have. Finally, while we anticipate our sweet sweet dessert, and share our stories with those who are curious about the Bitcoin pie coming up and they share their stories with us, we learn that not everyone will want Bitcoin pie, and that most will not even be interested in hearing about it during the meal, so we let them continue to talk about the exchange rates of Bitcoin-to-local-currencies, as if Bitcoin's value was only measurable in peanuts, crackers, and olives, or to even talk about entirely different subjects, as they wish. We are just happy that we're all able to come together to enjoy whatever verbal and victual sustenances we personally choose to share. Happy Winter Holidays to the whole world!
It's bad because the two have absolutely nothing in common. I guess this sentiment exists in the equity markets right now too, "Missed Tesla? Buy Rivian!" But it just feels unethical to me because the average person has no idea why Bitcoin or Tesla are so valuable when compared to incumbents. They think, "if Bitcoin could do it, why can't this crypto do it?" It's really flawed, and I think we have an obligation to NOT prey on these people with misleading billboards and ads. The world needs Bitcoin, NOT crypto, and we need to get louder with this message.
You probably won't get lucky, but that's what you will find when you do a little more research on others experiences, or run up your own electric bills for a few months. Running a full node 24/7 is fine, and the cost and effort is minimal. But if you really want to help Bitcoin, then use it as a currency, and teach others to use it too. Maybe even start a Bitcoin enterprise where you pay in Bitcoin. That's what people need today, a way to get onboard BTC without going thru the fiat system.
Hi everyone! After comparing the network difficulty of Bitcoin and Bitcoin cash, Bitcoin cash does seem to be more possible to solo mine (almost 100 times lower network difficulty) So I was wondering if I have any sensible chance of finding a block with 10 to 16 TH? I know with this hash rate I might never find a block and this basically will be a "lottery". But I think I have way more chance of finding a block on BCH rather than BTC. Is this correct? And do you suggest any solo mining pool? Thank you!
Just got back from a meeting of a nonprofit org where I volunteer. They had the "Financial Advisor" in to talk about the org's investment account. Much to my surprise, a 60yo woman on the board asked about crypto and admitted to having Bitcoin and some alts in her portfolio. One other guy also said he owns some doggy stuff. The advisor then said he owned some bitcoin personally. So, 40% of the 60yo average suburban "guy nextdoor" types in the room actually own Bitcoin/alts as part of their portfolio. It was quite a surprise to me...
Anyone have a good explanation for why bybit funding has been so high lately for bitcoin while staying relatively neutral for most alts?
BITCOIN ACCEPTED and also you get a premium discount at Crypto Street Restaurant in Clearwater Beach Florida !!! Located at 309 Coronado Drive 33767
I think Bitcoin will force fiat currencies to transform or disappear, which is already BIG. BTC will be co-exist with the dollar.
It is not Bitcoin, it is AMRN, a US stock. I looked at the chart and the exact point that he lost money.
Mastering Bitcoin and Mastering Ethereum are a must read. Both are for free on github. I think they're perfect for what you want.
After running some complex on chain data 10x'ing monthly closes from 2017, I'm gonna say bitcoin is hitting 135k by end of year!
Crypto was never created to be anonymous. The Bitcoin blockchain is public. It was Monero that introduced anonymity and that isn't always good.
I think it's awesome! I'm just too afraid of a 8 dollar wrench attack to wear anything that advertises my involvement with Bitcoin.
You'll do well if you teach yourself to **ignore every short-term prediction**. Bitcoin is an excellent long-term, buy-and-hold investment.
The sooner these fucking retards realize Bitcoin isn't going to 100k this cycle the sooner we can get on with the ratio play... Now it should be interesting with Both Bitcoin AND Ethereum moving into Litecoin, of course they don't want to touch this shitcoin with a 10 ft pole tho so be ready for extreme volatility when it happens...
Let me get my crystal ball to see which shitcoin or if bitcoin will be the de facto dollar in the metaverse. That is what matters. Nothing else matters. Bitcoin could be zero if it won’t make it in the metaverse. Timeframe when metaverse will be full blown, 20 years from now? iPhones will become obsolete like payphone of today.
My dad just texted me a CNBC article about how bitcoin "might not last that much longer" He told me "you can stay at my place if your coin shits the bed." I hate to use him as a local bottom signal but the last time he criticized bitcoin like this was at 19k in December immediately before we went to 60k.
Note: This bullshit is purely from the fiat currency side, not Bitcoin. I have been using a certain credit card for many years. That company got sold to another and the new company is asking similar questions. I put zero. I don't think you have that luxury here. We need kids on corners to sell Bitcoin, no KYC, for cash.
What really pricked my ears about Bitcoin was Robert Breedlove talking to Preston Pysh on YouTube (The Investors' Podcast) about common misconceptions. The level of thoughfulness and clarity with which he explains why Bitcoin is better money than fiat shook me to the core. Also the Michael Saylor chat with Tucker Carlson. He's a little hyperbolic, but he's always dead on. Good luck!
So me and my step dad are planning to get into Bitcoin mining and I want to know what would be a good beginning rag what what I need what hardware what software do I need any licenses a price range of how much it would be and anything else I would need to know like a average yearly Bitcoin income thank you
tldr; Cory Klippsten of Swan Bitcoin joins the Daily Bitcoiner podcast to talk about “Crypto” advocacy as compared to Bitcoin advocacy. He also talks about being an investor in the space and Bitcoiner Ventures. The podcast is hosted by Stephan Livera. *This summary is auto generated by a bot and not meant to replace reading the original article. As always, DYOR.*
By 2025 every single existing ATM on earth will accept bitcoin by displaying a lightning invoice on screen instead of just taking visa and mastercard bank cards. Any ATM that doesnt do this will become so disused it will no longer makes a profit for the owner and get removed. So by 2025 every active ATM on earth will be a bitcoin ATM
The goal isn't about paying less fees, or making money on fees. The goal is to prevent governments and corporations manipulating money and forcing people into a system of arbitrary value. Let us choose our arbitrary value, thank you very much. Bitcoin was launched off the shoulders of giants, and for good reason. Let people determine what the value is. Bitcoin is allowed to fail. Some want it to fail, bit the goal is decentralization and getting out from under the thumb of oppressive monetary policy. The goal is a system that works for people. Bitcoin may not be the end all/be all of this whole dream. It was just the first system of it's kind to make it past the drawing board. Bitcoin is like what Tim Berners Lee said about the internet, "This is for everyone"!!!!
9 years ago this OP predicted the price will be $10,000 at the end of the month: https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/13dwt6/predict_bitcoins_value_in_1510_years/
LOL it's been ten years since I was introduced to bitcoin and they're still asking this question. We're still early folks, still very early.
It might be because bitcoin mining has been outlawed in China. A contract that would require a party to do something illegal is invalid.
Wonder if anyone knows of some breakdown on why Bitcoin is still this volatile when we've got a future market and are so big now?
Of course it will. If I was president in 2010, I would have killed bitcoin in its infancy. But here we are. Accept or die.
Maybe I'm dumb but I use bitcoin as money. I buy things with it when I want to buy stuff, and mostly just hodl it.
Major countries all around the world are approving spot bitcoin ETFs. If the USA doesn't approve theirs they are just going to be left behind.
Monero is more private Bitcoin Cash is more decentralized and now has smart contracts Both have good network effects and are widely used. Hold both.
looks like buying every day for 5 bucks is an option &#x200B; https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/p5a542/my\_dca\_on\_strike\_just\_cost\_14/
Today bitcoin touched 53.5k. Many traders have called for that. Buyers haven't really shown up. Looks like the direction is still bear mode for now.
Btw, setting up this node has been one of the interesting side projects I’ve done all year. If you’ve got the resources lying around, I highly recommend contributing to the health of the Bitcoin Cash network. Here’s how I set up the node on a Raspberry Pi 4: How to set up a Bitcoin Cash Node on a Raspberry Pi 4 running Ubuntu Desktop 21.04
Bitcoin is like our Sun. It is made out of pure energy. And after its energy passed a critical level, it became wholesome, it became a star. Destined to live for billions of years, sharing its primordial energy with everything around it, affecting chemistry and allowing life to exist, evolve and thrive. Bitcoin will become to human civilization, what our Sun became for all life on earth.
>When all Bitcoin is mined, how will transactions continued to be verified? By miners, same as they do today. >I know you can pay a fee and that will provide incentive for miners but doesn’t that takeaway from what Bitcoin is? No, the fee structure is a part of Bitcoin. >If we’re just paying fees, well, we do that now with credit cards (I know this is definitely a bit different but at the end of the day, it feels like it’s fundamentally similar) Asking a third party if you may use your money vs paying a fee to move your money without asking for permission.
Some of the main BCH platforms such as noise.cash started to batch transactions to reduce the amount of transactions on the network. If they hadn't done that, the amount of transactions on BCH would have surpassed BTC already. They batched the transactions to reduce the transaction fees since many people received tipping and the fees add up when you're receiving hundreds or thousands of Bitcoin Cash tips on their platforms. If anyone wants to earn Bitcoin Cash, remember to try out noise.cash and read.cash, those are amazing platforms to earn real money and tips in Bitcoin Cash. Bring your friends and family in too!
The risk of losing your whole Bitcoin stash just for few % a year is not worth it. Bitcoin has been increasing 200% every year since it's inception. Giving out the responsibility of your coins to somebody else is asking for trouble. The security of centralized exchanges has surely been improving the last years but it doesn't mean massive hacks won't be happening again. Also if service gives you out a yield on your Bitcoin, it means they're actually using it by lending it or trading it actively. If they do a mistake, you loose your money, not them. Stick to a hardware wallet and you will sleep well at night.
https://www.arte.tv/en/videos/097372-001-A/the-genesis-of-bitcoin/ dub french/german sub english/espanol/Polski/Italiano 6 parts Total time approx. 60 minutes
Do you think the current bear for BTC market is similar to what we experienced in May-June and that Bitcoin can go down to $30k?
Well we are being forced to believe that Fiat have a value and the value is decreasing everyday so, why would i not believe in Bitcoin
Not a highly mathy book, but I find that Bitcoin and Cryptocurrency Technologies strikes the right balance between explanation of the concepts and highlighting actual algorithms.
That's some nice background reading for those of us Bitcoin pie lovers who are going into holiday gatherings. It's all about comfy metaphors. Thanks for sharing!
Not replace but a lot of transactions will happen in the blockchain. There is no need for absolutes. 100% is not necessary for a bitcoin win.
The FBI seized and liquidated the 3,879 coins, but it'd be interesting if this can inspire some insurance firms to hold bitcoin on their balance sheets
If I were you, I'd be looking for ways to generate income by holding your Bitcoin long term. That depends on how much you have, of course.
I kinda feel Pity for you and your small Horizon, but yes you better don't ever get into Bitcoin and stay in your own small bubble ☺️
It’s recommended to death but The Bitcoin Standard by Saifedan Ammous really is fantastic. It explores both the technology and it’s likely economic, political and social implications.
Who knows what cryptocurrency will look like in the future? Who knows, it may be good, it may not be good, I am personally bullish on bitcoin.
Exactly. Best way to accept Bitcoin anywhere is to have a lightning wallet in your phone. Just click receive and you're ready to get those sweet sats.
It's going to take \~38.5 years to mine the last hundred million satoshis. Most people being caught up in the day to day price don't think about how scarce bitcoin really is. When the halvings are done there will be no new bitcoin mined for the rest of time. It's a race for everyone on the planet to get as much as they can whether they realize it or not.
Ergo, Eth classic, RVN, Firo. I think the first is more likely though actually. The Ethereum hashrate will absolutely explode the mining difficulty of these alts, unless miners are powerful enough to lead to a huge price pump as well. Who knows. I'm not sure how ETH gpu miners will switch to bitcoin. Bitcoin, Doge, LTC, Monero do not do well with GPUs so none of those are options.
The fact that there are so many people who haven't heard of stirke only tells me that they haven't done any research or have done nothing on trying to educating themselves on bitcoin. Strike has been in the headlines for almost all of this year, especially ever since their El Salvador announcement. &#x200B; It honestly blows my mind. Bitcoin is evolving and improving everyday, it's important to keep up with it.
tldr; Former Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey has said that Bitcoin will replace the US dollar. Dorsey was responding to rapper Cardi B, who asked him on Twitter if crypto would replace US currency to which Dorsey replied, "Yes, Bitcoin will." Dorsey left Twitter last month to focus on fintech firm Block. *This summary is auto generated by a bot and not meant to replace reading the original article. As always, DYOR.*
tldr; The top 1,000 investors control about 3 million, or 16% of all circulating Bitcoin, according to a report from the National Bureau of Economic Research. The top 10,000 owners own around 5 million or 27% of Bitcoin. The report was published in October using data collected through June. *This summary is auto generated by a bot and not meant to replace reading the original article. As always, DYOR.*
The CRA said in Apr 2015 that Bitcoin and cryptocurrencies are considered specified foreign property. So what about people who held Bitcoin before that, in 2014 or 2013, were they supposed to go back and declare them on their T1135s, if they had to file that form? (I think 2013 was the first year where people had to write out specific assets on T1135. Wished I was an early investor too)
Here are a few reasons why Bitcoin debit cards outweigh your traditional debit card: What Are Bitcoin Debit Cards and Why You Should Use One * Use crypto for real world transactions You can use crypto to pay for groceries, transport, and everyday goods without having to worry about the premeditated work of selling and converting it. * Spend less money on fees As the conversions from crypto to fiat take place on the backend, there are no hidden costs incurred for foreign exchange conversions. * Seamlessly change between currencies Many Bitcoin debit cards allow users to onboard a fiat option too, allowing them to interchange between paying in various cryptocurrencies as well as fiat currencies and saving the hassle of switching between cards. * Travel convenience Bitcoin debit cards can bypass conversion fees, simply offering cryptocurrency payments when you’re out of your own country, or another fiat wallet internally linked that allows you to load and spend the local currency wherever you might find yourself.
>as well as replace native currency. Your research, unless extremely biased, will point you to the fact that Bitcoin will likely *never work* as a currency. Good luck.
I can’t find any websites that allow options trading in the United States. Anyone have any suggestions? Please help! I want to long Bitcoin just like everybody else.
\#dao #pafdao #bitcoin #crypto https://www.pafdao.com/ PAF DAO's main goal is to create the world's best platform to purchase, protect, collect digital collectibles and provide and swap NFT's.
Great post. This has made me even moooore bullish…. Buy low sell high right? Litecoin is at almost all time lows against it’s bitcoin and eth pairs! 🤍
Plenty of decentralized exchanges like Bisq already exist. You wrote several paragraphs for no reason. If what you suggest happens, then Bitcoin becomes further decentralized and more powerful.
The usd will deteriorate just as the cad. If you read btc for fiat NOT NEEDING fiat in the short term you didn’t quite get the purpose of bitcoin.
Anyone know the best way to use bitcoin to purchase reloadable visa cards to use for online purchases? Any legit and non scammy easy to use websites out there?
what if someone gifted me $100K of bitcoin and I sold it for a loss? Can I actually claim loss, if the proof was just a few text messages ?
Bitcoin will definitely go to the right to the right to the right to the right Then kick then kick then kick then kick Then walk it by itself
Man if we, big fans of bitcoin, think your ring is trashy as hell... Think what regular people must think. Donate to a charity or something next time bud
They are not fighting the Blockchain technology. No point of doing that. They fight people who say that crypto can take over fiat. Specially a useless dinosaur like Bitcoin.
The last (full) Bitcoin will be mined in 2031-2032 in the last block before the 6th halving, going from 1.56 BTC per block to 0.78 BTC per block
Taproot will facilitate all these developments. The most exciting thing about Taproot is all the potential it has for the future of Bitcoin. The best is yet to come!
TDLR: All Canadian residents (except Quebec) can apply for the card 3% back in bitcoin with every purchase for the first 3 months and 1% back after that point>
Thats is not wise for a lot of reasons:Fees, the price of bitcoin and TAXATION! why not wait a whole day/week then buy 200/300$ per week/month?
The Bitcoin standard continues to make its way in El Salvador. President Nayib Bukele stands firm against the powerful people of the current monetary and financial system who are doing everything to discredit this initiative that will change the future of El Salvador for the better. Despite threats and criticism from the IMF, the Central Bank, or even America, Nayib Bukele continues the Bitcoin adventure and went further a few weeks ago by announcing the creation of the first Bitcoin City in El Salvador. An interesting piece of news has just been published by a local newspaper in El Salvador. In this article, you learn that a poll was conducted indicating that more than 85% of Salvadorans still trust Nayib Bukele. This poll is interesting because the powers that be in the current system have tried several times to discredit his initiative by saying that the people disapprove of the implementation of standard Bitcoin in the country. In the latest issue of the In Bitcoin We Trust Newsletter, I explain all this in detail, and more importantly, why other countries will follow Nayib Bukele's lead in the months and years to come: **https://inbitcoinwetrust.substack.com/p/a-better-future-for-el-salvador-through** It's only a matter of time.
tldr; El Salvador's President Nayib Bukele said that the country is buying 21 Bitcoin to mark a special occasion. The country became the first in the world to adopt Bitcoin as legal tender in September. As of September, the country had 700 BTC in its reserves. El Salvador also has 200 BTC ATMs. *This summary is auto generated by a bot and not meant to replace reading the original article. As always, DYOR.*
tldr; Ethereum has overtaken Bitcoin as the most widely used blockchain. The price correlation between Bitcoin and other altcoins drastically falling, it is clear that Ethereum has already decoupled from the other alt coins. However, the value of digital assets is ultimately determined by the investors. ETH could gain a foothold in Web 3.0. *This summary is auto generated by a bot and not meant to replace reading the original article. As always, DYOR.*
Any place to find out how many bitcoins are for sale still on Huobi? Read a rumor that them running out of bitcoins to sell will help bitcoin USD price.
It's funny how people want Bitcoin to... make them extremely rich and reduce poverty for everyone at the same time. That's like searching for a skiing place with Egypt's climate...
Is there a way to become a Bitcoin miner now or is it not worth it anymore? What kind of startup fund should I have? Any advice or calculators appreciated.
I that statement for crypto as a whole is way too narrow, but I agree it is Bitcoin's goal and Bitcoin Cash is the best fork to achieve that goal.
One critical flaw in bitcoin and crypto in general is that it is too powerful and can take away the money and power of major financial institutions, and super power governments. What would happen to the value of Bitcoin if more countries start to ban access to major exchanges or chose to outlaw trading bitcoin? Many politicians are in the pockets of bankers, who can perceive Bitcoin as a threat to their beloved cash cow banking systems. USA has gone to war with countries that chose to undermine their dollar. Political geezers want to keep the USD as the world’s most traded currency. Bitcoin is a real threat to that power. Binance is already banned in Ontario, Canada, for some BS reason about Binance violating the Ontario Securities Commission’s regulations. All residents were told to close out their positions by January 1st 2022. Sure, people there can move their positions to other exchanges, but it’s not reassuring to see a major exchange get taken out like that. It can happen to any exchange. What would happen if politicians start to pass laws to ban other major exchanges from servicing their citizens who reside within their borders for BS reasons like above? Would the mainstream investor use VPNs to access exchanges to illegally trade their cryptocurrencies? Most likely they would panic sell out of fear, sending prices reeling and possibly never recovering. To date, all other criticisms I’ve heard about bitcoin (funding crime, using too much energy, etc) are BS. But this flaw is the only one that concerns me.
This is what the former CEO of Twitter says in a response to the rapper Cardi B on the social network It is known to all that the former CEO of Twitter, Jack Dorsey, who has focused on his fintech Block (formerly known as Square), is an ultra-defender of bitcoin and cryptocurrency development. The businessman has gone one step further and in a conversation on Twitter has assured that bitcoin will eventually replace the dollar. It is these terms that have been expressed in a note on the social network, in response to a tweet by rapper Cardi B. Cardi B asked roughly if cryptocurrencies would replace the US currency, to which Dorsey replied: "Yes, the bitcoin will do it. "
I saw that four mayors across the US are taking all or part of their salary in bitcoin. Is that seen as a big deal over there or not even newsworthy?
He should have only sold 25%. Half a million is a good amount to live on for a couple years. If only I had even heard of Bitcoin in 2013! Fml
What about all the damage the banking sector has done over the last 20 years? Bitcoin has the potential to replace this greed filled industry with something that's better for everyone.
El Salvador needs to approve bitcoin as a currency, again. China can recycle the same piece of FUD, why not have a county play their cards in the exact opposite direction?
Why, though? How much did you pay for those? You'd have been *far, far* better off just buying the bitcoin. Anyways, hope you bought some usb fans to cool them down.
Hello, I'm quite new to crypto and just have a small amount in Newton. How would I get set up to accept Bitcoin? How would employees handle exchange? In Canada. Cheers
I believe in bitcoin and will not be selling it. Ever. I am 10% on cash and have light college expenses w no income and will continue to buy small amounts.
I love Bitcoin. But that's just tacky and I was under the impression that we were majority opposed to gold and in favour of seeing it's MC be overtaken by btc
Why spend bitcoin at all? Today X sats bought you 1 pair of glasses for example. But if you waited some times, the same X stats would have bought you 5 pairs of glasses if not more. Don't spend your bitcoin. Hoard it. Save it. Spend fiat only. Especially since 1 pair of glasses costs $5 today for example, but next month the same pair will set you back $5+6% or more at the rate inflation is increasing.
tldr; Bitcoin dropped from $52,000 down to $42,000 before recovering to $45,000 in less than 24 hours on December 4th. Over $600 million of futures positions were wiped out along with substantial amounts of leverage. Bitcoin is still young, still volatile and still the fastest growing asset on the planet when we look at the price year to year. *This summary is auto generated by a bot and not meant to replace reading the original article. As always, DYOR.*
Bitcoin can't replace the official money of the United States, the Dollar of the Coinage Act of April 2, 1792 (1 USC 246) which has been amended several time but never repealed nor replaced (see https://www.usmint.gov/learn/history/historical-documents/coinage-act-of-april-2-1792). But Bitcoin CAN replace the Federal Reserve USD "note", which is a private currency that most everyone happily accepts today as money. And I hope that we do, because the USD sucks.
**Stupid Typos** "All of this rings true true. But in calling bitcoin a Ponzi scheme, critics are arguably being too kind on two counts." True true "Bernie Madoff paid returns of around one per cent a month." per cent &#x200B; **Apparently Bitcoin is worse than the great recession just by virtue of how it operates.** "Another big difference between bitcoin and a Ponzi scheme is that the former is, from an aggregate or social standpoint, a negative sum game. To the extent that real resources are used up to make bitcoin run, it is costly in a way that Madoff’s two- or three-man operation was not. From the social standpoint, what Madoff took out of his scheme and finally consumed is a redistribution in a zero-sum game. Bernie Madoff paid returns of around one per cent a month. He offered to cash out his scheme’s participants, both the original sum “invested” and the “return” thereon. As a result, the scheme could and did suffer a run; the Great Financial Crisis of 2008."
Eventually we will reach the point where no sane person will exchange a Bitcoin for any amount of fiat currency. **Intro**: *The Trust Machine* (22 min): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZKwqNgG-Sv4
It all starts with us educating and encouraging people to accept Bitcoin once they see how easy it is. And as we see, you truly made a difference. Thank you for sharing!
It’s really funny watching every person on Crypto Twitter turn Perma-Bear after being über Bulls like a week ago. Bitcoin corrects 30% and everyone goes crazy lmao. Nobody is rational anymore
Hopefully we can go up 1000 a day for the rest of the year, I need to win a bet I made someone in July that Bitcoin would be 80K by 2022.
He's got a lot of balls walking into the IMF talking about bitcoin. If any person in the IMF has their head on the same was as us, hopefully it was constructive.
Bitcoin KNN outlook wrt COT positions (dealers, asset managers, leveraged funds, and non-reportables) remains bearish. Though I think it's more likely to be range bound unless a new bearish catalyst develops.
Looking at the original white paper of various crypto gives comprehensive insight into how they've designed the blockchain architecture. The original documentation via Satoshi for bitcoin is a good starting point imo.
It started from multiple exchanges disabling withdrawals for Bitcoin Cash and also big exchanges such as Binance started mining Bitcoin Cash. These actions together with the price action of Bitcoin Cash raised a suspicion that these exchanges may have been engaging in naked short selling of Bitcoin Cash. Naked short selling BCH meant that they are selling Bitcoin Cash which they don't have. How can they do that? Well, because these are centralized exchanges that just need to update their own database to display that you have the BCH in your account, but they don't need to have these BCH, until of course the users withdraw the BCH into their own (users) wallet. If the theory is indeed true that these exchanges had been engaging in naked short selling of Bitcoin Cash to deliberately suppress the price of BCH, then if everyone withdraw their BCH, the exchanges would be forced to buy them at any price to cover the withdrawals. It also meant that the exchanges who buy the BCH to cover their positions would benefit than the exchanges who are forced to buy them at a higher price to cover their positions. This is just a theory that came up because (1) multiple exchanges disabled withdrawals (2) Binance disabled withdrawal for BCH, then started mining BCH aggressively before enabling BCH withdrawals again (3) the price action of BCH from constant selling as if someone has unlimited BCH to sell. There are no disadvantages if everyone withdraw their BCH. But if indeed exchanges or someone had been engaging in naked short selling, then the price of BCH can be unlimited.
There is no "growing ledger problem". The problem is that you do not understand Bitcoin. Bitcoin's Proof of Work follows the laws of *economies of scale*. It ends up not in "centralization" but in a small world network of a few big companies that compete with one another. It's still decentralized with no single company owning the network. That's how Bitcoin is supposed to work. What you hear from other people that Bitcoin "decentralization" means it should run from somebody's garage is simply wrong and is not what Satoshi intended: >*Forgot to add the good part about micropayments. While I don't think Bitcoin is practical for smaller micropayments right now, it will eventually be as storage and bandwidth costs continue to fall. If Bitcoin catches on on a big scale, it may already be the case by that time. Another way they can become more practical is if I implement client-only mode and the number of network nodes* ***consolidates into a smaller number of professional server farms***. Whatever size micropayments you need will eventually be practical. I think in 5 or 10 years, the bandwidth and storage will seem trivial. *Satoshi* (source: *https://satoshi.nakamotoinstitute.org/posts/bitcointalk/318/#selection-33.0-33.594**)* &#x200B; Storing every single transaction is a good thing. The movement of money is a legal event and it's always useful to see everything that happened. Data can also be stored in every transaction. There are many uses! The fact that Bitcoin records everything is a feature, not a problem. That should be obvious. Also, thanks to SPV (*simplified payment verification*), storage of blockchain data can be completely decentralized. The data doesn't all need to be stored by the miners. You can get blockchain data from private servers that offer it as a paid service. With SPV, all data from any source can be checked for validity. In other words, Bitcoin is ***extremely*** scalable and is the only protocol that can handle ***millions*** *of transactions per second*. but shhh, don't tell anyone. 🤫
I've been a part of this subreddit since about 2014. This subreddit has vastly changed more than once since then. I feel less engaged in this subreddit more than ever but at the same time I care more about Bitcoin as a technology and its Cypherpunk roots than ever before. Often I read something negative about Bitcoin in the public and it's rarely mentioned here. I have trouble finding any educated and nuanced discussion about U.S. legislation regarding Bitcoin here. I mostly see people only highlighting the potential good and failing to mention pitfalls. Perhaps we are simply hardened to it at this point and collectively we don't think it's worth paying attention to anymore, or perhaps we're experiencing a collective confirmation bias and not addressing the bad stuff anymore. It feels like the ladder to me. Maybe there are far more people here that are into Bitcoin for the potential gains and so they feel the need to protect their potential profits by playing salesman and always trying to make Bitcoin news seem great. I think there's a lot of this going around too and tbh it's pretty off-putting to me. We used to have a hive mind that protected Bitcoin from FUD and hostile takeovers but now I fear it's becoming a weakness now that Bitcoin has received far wider adoption. Similarly, how often do we need to suck Michael Saylor's dick? Did you people learn nothing from Roger Ver, Craig Wright, Jihan Wu, Coinbase, The New York Agreement, Elon Musk, etc? No gods. No masters. People with that much vocal power are single points of failure. I just feel like there needs to be less evangelizing and more coding, I guess. I guess I'm just salty because I'm not finding many ogs in the crowd anymore for nuanced discussion. To anyone who's been around a while, what do you think? Am I crazy or is this happening to some degree?
And so it starts, traditional banking institutions are going to take over crypto, I just read Visa is also going to allow transactions in Bitcoin. To me this is a double edged sword.
I'm not an expert but was looking at patterns look at Bitcoin yearly chart and then the Three Peaks and the Domed House pattern and tell me that shit doesn't look mad similar
https://github.com/bitcoinbook/bitcoinbook Mastering Bitcoin goes over all of it. Best technical resource and crypto book I've read in general. With your background you should have no problem with the content level
There’s an AMA going on at 7pm UTC on @incomesharks discord channel. The lead devs are on hand to answer all the questions on why Syscoin is the best of Bitcoin and Ethereum in one place and the upcoming roadmap that includes zkrollups validium and DeFi secured by Bitcoins PoW. Syscoin has been in development for 7 years and this time is culminating in a solid blockchain that offers the security of Bitcoin and now Ethereum based smart contracts on their nevm layer.
Bitcoin creates about 52,000 blocks per year. The other 1.8 million miners are hashing at 100TH per second. You're mining at 2TH per second. One of those S19 antminers has a chance of 52,000 in 1.8 million of winning a block every year, or a chance of winning one block every 34 years. Your S4 is 50 times slower. You have one chance in 1700 years You should be able to work this out for yourself, or you should not be mining Bitcoin
From the article: "**Consider the following scenario: a person walks into a store and decides** **to buy $50 worth of merchandise with bitcoin. For one reason or** **another, the participating retailer cannot change the BTC into fiat over** **the course of 24 hours, and within a day, the price of bitcoin falls.** **Thus, that $50 turns into $30.** " &#x200B; Flexa / Spedn / Gemini Pay already solves this issue in real time. It is partnered with NCR and other major payment processors. https://flexa.network/
Hello, I really need some serious economic literature about bitcoin, which I can use for my research. It would be very beneficial if it’s available in different languages, since English is not my first language. It should be overall about the technology behind Bitcoin and how it can change the world, as well as replace native currency. If anyone have something reliable I can use, I’d be very thankful! Is here anyone which can recommend me some titles? Would really appreciate it!
Hi guys, I'm fairly new to investing and am planning on investing in crypto to hold for 10 years. My monthly budget is £50 and my current portfolio is Bitcoin (50%), Ethereum (30%), polkadot, cardano, enjin, solana and ploygon (10%). Would you say this is a good portfolio given than I'm currently trading with coin base and its ridiculous fees. Should I just do Bitcoin(50%) and Ethereum (50%) due to my limited budget. Any advice is deeply appreciated. Thanks
tldr; The US Justice Department is trying to return more than $150 million that was embezzled from a Sony subsidiary and converted into bitcoin. In May, a worker at Sony Life Insurance Company in Tokyo allegedly diverted $154 million to a personal account at a Southern California bank. Law enforcement has since seized the bitcoin and is working to return funds to Sony. *This summary is auto generated by a bot and not meant to replace reading the original article. As always, DYOR.*
Satoshi the creator of Bitcoin set out to create digital money not digital gold. The proof is in the pudding, the title of the white paper: "Bitcoin: A Peer-to-Peer Electronic Cash System" I recommend reading the white paper linked here: https://www.bitcoin.com/satoshi-archive/whitepaper/ Now with that said let's see which acts more like digital money I'll send you some BCH and see if you or anyone can can send me back roughly the same amount in BTC. u/chaintip
This is either like mid May, or the end of September (testing the 20w moving average). Even if it does break down like May, I don't think it will lead to a multi year bear market. Bitcoin didn't go up enough to have a 75% drop. The only reason it historically has had such big crashes is because it has had ridiculously parabolic blow off tops. We've only gone 3x the high from 2017. That's boring as far as Bitcoin is concerned.
Yeah crazy! Canadian real estate appreciated faster than Bitcoin this year, haha! People keep saying there will be a crash. They were saying that when I bought a house in 2011, and I’m still waiting for a crash. There was a short lived downturn in 2017 or so where prices fell by about 30%, but prices were up again by the next year! If I was in Bitcoin when I bought my first house I probably would be renting instead. r/BitcoinCA
This article is a warning to anyone new or old using Bitcoin and any other cryptocurrencies, we have a new financial tool, and in the case of El Salvador, a new legal currency, and the government gave a custodian wallet so that Salvadorians can use Bitcoin without having to pay the transaction fees which can be high for exchange of your privacy and the fact that your money can be seized at any moment. Privacy and lack of control over your private keys is the price to pay for using a Chivo wallet, that is, the risks of using Bitcoin with any other custodian like Chivo, Wallet of Satoshi, or any other custodian. But the risks don't end there, and as such, I must warn you. &#x200B; https://twitter.com/francis105d1/status/1471240314128007168
the founder of Pi network published a couple of lessons from his Stanford blockchain course that are good primers for how bitcoin technically works https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=\_-hLlfM88rk https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YEhnXYnlVt4
People want to sell right now. That's cool, a lot of those coins are just going to LTHs anyway. The more times this sort of thing happens, the more Bitcoin ends up leaving exchanges.
As a practical matter, I never understood how the IRS would know your Bitcoin came from miners (I hold crypto in a self-directed IRA). Beyond annual reporting, my accountant hasn’t asked for anything
It's pretty amazing to see that almost 13 years after the official launch of the Bitcoin network by Satoshi Nakamoto, some people are still at it! It finally shows us how early we are.
Actually the title suggests, the article would show where bitcoin is somehow superior and better than what we have right now. It summerizes the current quite bad situation especially regarding the interwovenness between money and state in a good manner but lacks to give some insight on how bitcoin would particularly superior in a way. So in addition I would like to point out my view on some regarding topics. In the first place to all of those who are just hyped all the time and have no other aspect to talk about but Bitcoin's price, let me tell you what: You should zoom out and see the bigger picture. Bitcoin is not just about price. It will change the world. Bitcoin isn't a stock that has some "calculateable" value. *It's the hardest, soundest money humankind has ever created*. If at all one would be better comparing it to gold but including some advantages that will easily outperform gold's criterias. It's way easier to store it securely and to transact with it securely because of it being highly mobile without having this high collateral costs you have to deal with when it comes to handling gold. Nevertheless almost nobody will accept gold as a payment. While in 5 to 10 years everyone is very likely to accept bitcoin. When it comes to the whole energy fud stories, let me tell you what: Against everything many seem to be able to imagine, Bitcoin's energy usage isn't such a big problem at all. A major part of the energy it uses is either already 'green' and produced as renewable or is even overproduced energy that would otherwise be thrown away and rendered useless. Bitcoin's growing importance will bring strong incentives to make energy production and usage as a whole much more efficient. All these naysayers undoubtedly don't like to hear it, but bitcoin will make the world even greener and cleaner. On the other hand because of its deflationary character it'll once more take care of our environment and our planet. A deflationary money incentifies saving. It'll make us learn consuming much more reasonable and with raised awareness, even those few fat finger big pockets wannabe elite now have to learn, that money no longer simply multiplies itself. Suddenly there is some real work to be put in to earn portions of this great sound money. Even corruption and war become quite costly and have to be considered very carefully. So bitcoin teaches us to also spend only as much as necessary and that saving of money and resources goes hand in hand with reasonably taking care of our planet. In the first place it'll stop this useless, wasteful overproduction the world actually suffers from in many dimensions. Everything in economical hindsight will come down to a natural, reasonable and balanced way of living. Exactly like the current Zeitgeist desires it to be. That's also the reason why in the end and even if they actually don't like giving power partially away most countries won't make bitcoin illegal. It brings exactly what people nowadays demand for, a brighter outlook for planet earth and the people living in it. So in the end the opposite will actually be the case likely everbody, but at least the vast majority will even embrace bitcoin. Exactly this is the reason why more and more smart spirits will join bitcoin's open source development, always taking it to the next, higher level. Just look at bitcoin's history of development. It speaks for itself. Advancing expertise made and makes bitcoin better and better. Substantial flaws become less and less likely along with the probability of substantially failing. Another small word on all the "next Bitcoin" crap outthere: I don't see anything replacing bitcoin anytime soon. It is rock solid and on its way to becoming even harder and stronger in more than one hindsight. It will stay king. For a long long time. "Numbers" like the whole pricetalk crap I permanently have to look at, are completely meaningless in this regard since Bitcoin is actually *priceless*. I am really excitingly looking forward to all the outlayed benefits bitcoin brings and it's a great honor for me being allowed to be part of it.
Honestly today media outlets get 99% wrong, Bitcoin us just one of the many wrong things they get (I'm probably being too kind as i really can't think what's the 1% right... May be sports).
Also if anyone know any rules specifically relating to the wallet that the coins are mined to. Does this address need to be separate from my own or can I use my personal Bitcoin address?
Most people didn't have access to bank accounts anyways, trying something new like Bitcoin is the way to go. Work out the kinks as you go and benefit from the network in the long run.
Another twitter account hack, this time official account of the PM of a country with 1.2 billion population. https://www.pinkvilla.com/trending/india/was-pm-narendra-modis-twitter-account-hacked-tweet-legalizing-bitcoin-gets-deleted-965281
Bitcoin has always, and will always remain, an instrument suitable for expressing my seething hatred against the ruling mafia and the fiat banksters. In fact, it is totally irrelevant that it also made me wealthy.
I wrote an analysis of bitcoin as a store of value and the long term future of crypto a whole ago, maybe it helps. https://senatus.substack.com/p/on-crypto-as-a-store-of-value-bitcoins
The year is 2031. The world economy was able to ride the highs of the 2021 pandemic, allowing the debt and economy to keep building up. Alas, a recession occurs as it always does once every decade or so, and the damage has taken its toll back in 2029, a bit earlier than expected. G20 countries don’t know what went wrong; they all thought that printing more money to expand the economy was the right thing to do, but somehow they thought this time it’s different. Except, this time was no different. Citizens of all countries are ready for change. They realize that this fiat game was all a facade, and by 2030 everybody realized that the jig is up. Institutional investors, the wealthy, and family offices have already converted a majority of their net worth into Bitcoin, and governments are trying desperately to pull believers back into the fiat world, but to no avail. Bitcoin is at $2.5 million as of December 21st, 2031 (just at around a $50 trillion market cap). Bitcoin has officially been the worlds most pristine collateral asset. While the interest rates for a mortgage on a home in the United States is at 0.5%, Bitcoin interest rates are substantially lower at 0.01% simply due to its demand and its collateral value. Housing as an investment and means of accruing wealth seemed like a thing of the past, as the worlds wealthy has already sold their real estate portfolio and put it into Bitcoin a few years ago. The largest Bitcoin wallet aside from Satoshi Nakamoto belongs to Michael Saylor, who has amassed 500,000 bitcoins. All other altcoins are at the whim of Bitcoin, with the second coin Ethereum barely reaching a $2T market cap in 2029 before dropping down to $1 billion from Michael Saylor buying a bunch of ether to pump up the price only to dump it all on the market and convert it to BTC to accrue more BTC. In this final stage of the fiat regime, there is no choice but for governments to use Bitcoin as a parallel universe to the fiat system to unload debt and transition to a sound money protocol that gives a glimpse of hope into the future for generations to come.
I'm unsure , I don't ask these question , are you fine if bitcoin goes to 0 like you are if it goes to infinite ? You are all in and still unsure if you are entering a slippery slope ? To protect your wealth against yourself ,you need to be fine without it, obviously if you are broke and went all in on bitcoin, you are going to stress about it and no deposit bank will make it harder for you to go there and take the money you need...
tldr; The mayors of Miami, Tampa, New York and Jackson, Tennessee have all agreed to take one or more of their paychecks in bitcoin. Miami Mayor Francis Suarez said, “If people see us dive in headfirst, perhaps it’ll give them the confidence to dip their toes in the water.” Tampa Mayor Jane Castor said she would take a paycheck in bitcoin at a conference. *This summary is auto generated by a bot and not meant to replace reading the original article. As always, DYOR.*
Hello, I need to withdraw some crypto soon. I am hesitating in the strategy to adopt. I have bitcoin, Ethereum, Solana, polkadot and Theta left in my wallet. What would you keep if you had to withdraw these currencies and which ones would you absolutely want to keep (for the longer term)? And you would keep the different currencies in what proportions? 50% Bitcoin, 20% ethereum and 30% for the rest or something else? Thanks for your opinions and have a nice day, Parme
tldr; El Salvador has become the first country in the world to accept Bitcoin as legal tender. The fast-food chain from the US, McDonald’s, has started accepting Bitcoin as a method of payment in the country. The company is doing so on the Lightning Network that is powered by the company OpenNode itself. Other food chain restaurants and beverage companies like Pizza Hut and Starbucks *This summary is auto generated by a bot and not meant to replace reading the original article. As always, DYOR.*
So I know if you just buy bitcoin and sell the quarterly futures you can make like 12-15% doing so. Is there any way to use bitcoin as collateral to put this trade on that you guys know of? I mean you could buy perps and sell quarterlies but the perp funding probably makes that a loser. Is there anywhere to see what holding a perp would have cost over a certain historical period? Thanks for help just brainstorming how a holder can add yield.
When all Bitcoin is mined, how will transactions continued to be verified? I know you can pay a fee and that will provide incentive for miners but doesn’t that takeaway from what Bitcoin is? A network of the people verifying the people’s purchase for a gain in the asset they believe in…. If we’re just paying fees, well, we do that now with credit cards (I know this is definitely a bit different but at the end of the day, it feels like it’s fundamentally similar)
tldr; Bitcoin (BTC) is attempting to break above the psychologically critical level at $50,000 and close the year on a strong note. Bitcoin dipped below the 200-day simple moving average ($47,259) on Dec. 17 but the bears could not build upon their advantage and extend the decline further. If bulls drive the price above the 20-day EMA, the BTC/USDT pair could rise to $52,000. *This summary is auto generated by a bot and not meant to replace reading the original article. As always, DYOR.*
As recently posted on this subreddit, Ethereum has just launched first testnet for PoS update. When the update goes completely live, the miners will become literally obsolete no compromises. So now we have two warriants: * Miners resigned!!! Everybody sells graphic cards to public! Gamers happy ~~as only Bitcoin farms remain!~~ or * Miners switch to other remaining PoW coin, and surrounding press is making it go crazy. While lots of everyday people would like the first to happen, I think that the latter is way way more realistic. But what coin it could be? ~~Will miners switch to Bitcoin and concrete it even more? Or~~ will they go for Ergo, that is slowly setting down and is going to make payments less while reducing the possibility of mega-mines? Then we have Litecoin, Monero and after it... a huge list of lesser known coins. What is your take on this situation? I'd personally love to see Ergo skyrocket, but it's only my early investor's hopium, ~~realistically I think that everybody will just switch to Bitcoin.~~ **EDIT: Someone just told me the difference between Bitcoin and GPU mining, so I edited the post :)**
Regarding this WSJ unfounded FUD: https://www.wsj.com/amp/articles/bitcoins-one-percent-controls-lions-share-of-the-cryptocurrencys-wealth-11639996204 Credit for post and DD goes to u/xcryptogurux Original post here: No, Bitcoin is not controlled by a small group of investors and miners (A rebuttal to the TechSpot article) It is well documented that Bitcoin is not centralized, in any way. Here's a Glassnode thorough analysis regarding distribution: https://insights.glassnode.com/bitcoin-supply-distribution/ Highlights: **No, Bitcoin Ownership is not Highly Concentrated** 1. Not all Bitcoin addresses should be treated equal. For instance, an exchange address holding the funds from millions of users needs to be distinguished from an individual's self-custody address. 2. A Bitcoin address is not an "account". One user can control multiple addresses, and one address can hold the funds from multiple users. Edit: Also this info from Woo This is good for Bitcoin. Willy Woo on Twitter: A longitudinal study of #Bitcoin's supply distribution since the genesis block. Summary: Bitcoin continues a 12 year trend of distributing evenly. Small holders are a rising force. (Includes new data unseen before from Entities, not addresses on-chain analysis.) https://twitter.com/woonomic/status/1418192184767963136 https://preview.redd.it/vli0ofqwf6w71.jpg?width=3840&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=2a704c47375637858c27216379ae8313dadf8be8 This could be a long read. Kindly bear with me. I write this primarily in response to the TechSpot article from yesterday (r/technology mods told me they only allow “*mainstream news articles with* *editorial oversight and fact-checking*” so I'm sharing this here). But I’d also like to take this opportunity to write about Bitcoin more broadly as someone who has been following it for more than a decade and I’ll try to do so without complicating the conversation for anyone unfamiliar with Bitcoin. The TechSpot article cites a non-peer-reviewed National Bureau of Economic Research (NBER) working paper from Igor Makarov and Antoinette Schoar. NBER claims to be non-partisan but it is a private NPO funded by the likes of Bill Gates foundation. The chairman of NBER, Karen Horn, is a former president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland and Head of International Private Banking for Bankers Trust. The authors of this working paper, Igor Makarov and Antoinette Schoar are no experts in Bitcoin. Makarov is employed by Financial Markets Group (FMG), which focuses on policy research into financial markets and works alongside banks and regulators in Europe. Schoar is a professor at the MIT Sloan School of Management and co-chair of NBER Corporate Finance group, who has previously made it clear that she is no fan of Bitcoin with some pretty misguided takes on it. It’s critical to note that the data regarding miners cited in this study is from when mining was largely concentrated in China. This is no longer the case. The paper claims the authors have “the ability to trace miners on the blockchain.” The tracking method shown in the paper is based on subjective, unverified “algorithm to track the distribution of mining rewards from the largest 20 mining pools to the miners that work for them.” The validity of this conjectural method of tracking was also subjectively verified before all mining operations migrated out of China to many different parts of the world. &#x200B; # Bitcoin distribution is not highly concentrated The first thing we need to acknowledge with Bitcoin is that it is still very much a nascent monetary system. It has come a long way in a short space of time but it’s only been around 13 years and only 3% of the world’s population currently use Bitcoin. It took the Internet 25 years to get to that point. So while adoption is certainly happening a lot quicker, we still have 97% of the world’s population to bring on board. Unlike the banking system, which has ostracized nearly half of the world’s adult population, Bitcoin can actually work for every person in the world, no matter who they are or where they come from. The top wallet addresses here do not belong to individuals. Almost all active addresses holding greater than 10 basis points of the total supply (greater than 0.1%) are addresses belonging to exchanges and custodial services holding custody of Bitcoin that belong to millions of individual users. Not all exchange addresses have been tagged by bitinfocharts. For instance, the third largest address, looking at activity and transaction patterns, very likely belongs to Coinbase. Now **you’re not supposed to be holding your Bitcoin in exchanges** as that defeats the whole point of Bitcoin, besides enabling rehypothecation, which can artificially inflate the supply, and other security risks, but a lot of people do since they’re new to Bitcoin, unfamiliar with the concept of self-custody, and inadequately appreciate the purpose and potential of Bitcoin. There are ongoing educational efforts to encourage people to take ownership of their Bitcoin. **Not your keys. Not your sats.** The wealth distribution is admittedly far from where it needs to be, but it’s heading in the right direction. As more and more users adopt Bitcoin, the Gini index improves markedly. The game theory embedded into the protocol ensures that it does over time. The article from TechSpot claims that 10,000 individuals control a third of the supply. This, even if we assume to be accurate at face value, is a vastly improved figure from only 2 years ago, when less than 5000 wallets were estimated to own half the supply. On-chain analytics firm, Glassnode, published a finding earlier this year that ownership of Bitcoin is not highly concentrated and it naturally disperses over time. I’ll explain a little later in this article why that is the case. &#x200B; # Beyond the cryptocurrency Let’s try to first understand Bitcoin beyond the cryptocurrency, as a software protocol and what it represents for humanity. Sure, price speculation is fun but for me, it’s the least interesting aspect of Bitcoin. Bitcoin is open-source software collectively hosted by a pure P2P permissionless network of ∼ 60,000 nodes distributed across the world — by far the largest pure P2P network ever. Anyone in the world can propose changes to this software no matter who you are. There’s no central server or hierarchical structure to this network. You don’t need anyone’s permission to access the network. We don’t need to know who Satoshi was to trust the system because the code is open for every single human being in the world to read and scrutinize. Satoshi was simply the first, founding contributor to this open software. This is such a revolutionary egalitarian concept so far removed from all the corruption and iniquities that inhere within our extant hierarchical technology and monetary systems that a lot of people understandably find it difficult to grasp but this could fundamentally fix the world and make money and technology at large work for everyone without privileges. There’s a common misunderstanding that Bitcoin has great value because it was the first digital currency. This is untrue. There were several prior attempts — B-money, Bit gold and Hashcash the most prominent among them. Satoshi’s proof-of-work (PoW) algorithm solved a critical flaw in the use of blockchain as a public ledger known as the Byzantine Generals Problem (BGP). Solving for BGP meant that we could have an open ledger network without a central server or middlemen where nobody had to trust anybody else for the system to work. Every node within the Bitcoin network is a server with a live copy of the ledger and each node is able to verify the authenticity of its copy of the ledger without having to trust any of the other nodes. The concept of blockchain predates Bitcoin by almost two decades. So the value was never in blockchain but the way Bitcoin was able to utilize blockchain as a trustless, permissionless, decentralized public ledger to democratically create, distribute and exchange value. On the face of it, it’s easy to mischaracterize Bitcoin as some kind of an investment scheme. It is absolutely not that (The Newcoiner Dilemma). Who is to benefit from an investment scheme where nobody is in charge? Bitcoin is a complete revamp of our monetary system to make it work for everyone and more broadly, as a software protocol, Bitcoin has the potential to fix the Internet’s original sin — centralization at the hands of few privileged gatekeepers — and restore it to its originally intended form as a decentralized P2P network protocol. A network protocol is only decentralized if any participant within the network is able to access and verify the truth (the state of the ledger) on their own in a very economical manner without requiring permission or trust. We’ve seen many predatory knock-offs since Bitcoin, which are little more than snake-oil marketing gimmicks with fundamentally flawed protocol designs and centralized node architectures. Cynical rent-seeking and exploitation just comes with the territory for any revolutionary technology. Permissioned, quasi-permissioned, DINO (decentralized in name only) blockchains are a waste of time. Blockchains are comparatively inefficient databases unless truly decentralized. What makes them special is the ability to individually host, validate and audit the ledger. Throughout Bitcoin’s history, Bitcoiners have staunchly defended the right of users of the network not to be priced out of running their own node, most famously 4 years ago when **Bitcoin users stood firm in the face of pressure from miners and corporate interests to prove that it was the users who truly controlled Bitcoin, not miners and not wealthy investors**. Anyone can host their own Bitcoin full node on a Raspberry Pi. This allows them to be an equal rights citizen within the network without delegating trust to a third party. If you cannot self-host a node on your own, you’re going from trusting bankers to trusting a random person on the internet. That doesn’t seem so revolutionary, does it? &#x200B; # How does such a network scale? Let’s take the Internet as an example. The IP suite is a software protocol like Bitcoin. It originally had a monolithic design until we figured out that it could not scale without layered architecture. Bitcoin has undertaken a similar multi-layered approach to scaling in recent years. Bitcoin’s base layer is the network layer protocol and the monetary settlement layer. Priorities for this layer are maximizing security and trust-minimization. Built on top of this is a payments layer called Lightning Network. Lightning Network is a decentralized layer-2 network protocol that uses a native smart contract scripting language to enable instant, almost feeless, global Bitcoin payments. In Lightning Network, parties to a transaction are required only to have a sufficiently funded open channel active in the network. This is done through a single on-chain transaction. If there is a direct channel open between the parties, the transaction is routed directly and incurs no fee. Without a direct channel, the transaction is routed through routing nodes, incurring a small fee, typically no more than a few sats (fraction of a cent), paid to routing nodes hosted by users of the network. You can find a live node map for Lightning Network here. It’s pretty remarkable how far Lightning Network has come in only 3 years. With Lightning Network’s maturation as an infinitely scalable decentralized global payments network, Bitcoin is shifting focus to its next big milestone, Taproot, which is due to go live in mid-November at block height 709632. Taproot brings a set of protocols that enhance Bitcoin’s privacy, scalability and unlocks the path for seamless integration of application protocols on top of Bitcoin while also ensuring that users are still able to economically run their own Bitcoin full node. &#x200B; # Game Theory of Bitcoin Cypherpunks were pursuing the concept of Bitcoin, a decentralized P2P monetary system, for two decades. Satoshi completed the final, most important, piece of the jigsaw — solving the Byzantine Generals Problem to prevent double-spend. In doing so, Satoshi sought to address two fundamental flaws with fiat money, 1- Centralized, focused issuance and control of money supply and monetary policy 2- Trivial cost of issuance While issuance entails no cost, the money remains at the mercy of the basest of human qualities, self-seeking greed. All corruptive tendencies of fiat money are a direct consequence of the trivial cost to issue infinite money. Satoshi’s proof-of-work algorithm solved for these two flaws by implementing an ingenious cost of issuance algorithm that keeps every actor honest and forever scales in proportion to Bitcoin’s value as a monetary network —the higher Bitcoin's value, the higher the cost of issuance. Proof-of-work requires those who acquire the new supply of coins (miners) to continually input real-world work for their rewards and cover recurring operational costs. The work ensures that those who receive the new supply of money cannot keep hoarding it for themselves. Miners are forced by the game theory embedded into the protocol to redistribute Bitcoin into the market. Any monetary system where the creation of money entails no work and cost would be fiat 2.0 all over again, a system where wealth equals power, where the rich forever get richer and the poor get poorer. In proof-of-work, wealth != power Miners input work and recurring costs to find blocks and receive compensation for their work but the blocks are validated by full node users, not miners. Full nodes enforce the rules — accept or reject blocks found by miners — and hold the power to keep miners honest. Every full node user has one vote. Proof-of-work admits of no corruption or privileges. A very large portion of the world’s population is affected by either hyperinflation and/or lack of banking services (c. 4 billion people). Bitcoin allows them to connect to an open, permissionless network to generate, store and exchange value where nobody can stop them. The combination of proof-of-work and economical self-hosted nodes distributed all across the world is what ensures Bitcoin's antifragility, securing the network from state attacks. &#x200B; # Bitcoin, a global leader in clean energy innovation 20 years ago, the Internet was boiling the oceans. Today, it’s Bitcoin. In 20 years, the next emerging technology. Energy, in manifold forms, has always been fundamental to human interaction and its impact, an ineluctable consequence of human evolution. Bitcoin is at once the most fundamentally important technological and monetary evolution for humanity. For the first time in human history, every human on earth can become financially sovereign, set free from the whims of other humans. Bitcoin is a huge net positive for humanity and a global leader in renewable energy innovation. The renewable energy share of the Bitcoin network is over 4 times that of the average grid. In 2020, renewable energy sources accounted for only about 12% of total U.S. energy consumption. 58% of global Bitcoin mining operations are powered by renewables. According to the Energy Information Administration (EIA), 66% of the primary energy used to create electricity is wasted by the time the electricity arrives at the customer meter. Bitcoin is able to harness stranded/wasted energy, while also mitigating the climate effects of other industries by capturing flared gas that would otherwise be vented into the atmosphere contributing to climate change. Other industries find the cost of transporting energy prohibitive. With regards to coal, almost all of the coal-powered mining was happening in China. They’ve all since been shut down. &#x200B; # The quest for perfect money What's money? Anything that’s accepted as representing value by the parties to any transaction. It’s really that simple. Three thousand years ago, cowrie shells were used to represent value. We’ve had various forms of money since but the quest remains the same. Humans have always sought money that can hold value over time until it was required to purchase other things that hold value to them — goods and services. If we look at money from this perspective, we could argue that money is technology but until now, we never had the technology to come up with a money that was able to fulfill all three functions of money — store of value (SoV), medium of exchange (MoE) and unit of account (UoA). Bitcoin is at once a good SoV (scarce and incorruptible), a good MoE (the payments layer — Lightning Network), and a good UoA (infinite divisibility and instant portability across the world). I view Bitcoin to be the culmination of humanity’s 7000-year technological quest to perfect the representation of value by truly democratizing its creation, distribution and exchange. Never before have we had a money with all the necessary properties of sound money. All previous forms of money had compromises. Scarce money has always been sound money but previous iterations of scarce money lacked the other properties required to be viable as MoE and UoA — fungible, readily portable, infinitely divisible, incorruptible, indestructible, provably finite and objectively verifiable. Bitcoin ticks all the boxes. It further adds a new dimension to money hitherto unimaginable, obviating the need for trust, eliminating counterparty risk without the burden, cost and attendant inefficiencies of involving trusted middlemen. &#x200B; # Fiat money is a pyramid scheme It would be remiss not to highlight at this time just how inequitable our current monetary system is and, something we don’t often speak of, the jarring impact of inflation-driven compulsive consumerism on climate change. The current system of credit constantly incentivizes you through a myriad of machinations to keep spending money from tomorrow’s labor, but the new injection of money from your tomorrow’s labor ends up being concentrated at the top, with the ultimate consequence of inequitably diminishing your purchasing power and continually enriching those at the top of the pyramid. In short, money borrowed against your future labor ends up destroying your own purchasing power while the lender profits off your future labor, both in the form of interest and by being closer to the new money. It’s a double whammy. Fiat money post hoc undercuts the value of our work and time, except for the top 0.01%, some of whom have seen their wealth grow almost 10-fold during a once-in-a-hundred-year global pandemic. In 1971, President Nixon canceled the convertibility of the US dollar to gold. The subsequent collapse of the Bretton Woods system gave central banks absolute monetary authority as the dollar was no longer required to be backed by gold reserves. Central banks’ newfound ability to continually manipulate supply, interest rates, and velocity of money has led to deleterious consequences. Perpetual expansion to spur illusory “economic growth” has sent deficits spiraling out of control and resulted in, inter alia, a vicious cycle of high inflation, recession as a consequence of efforts to mitigate the effects thereof and ever-increasing, now extreme, economic inequality. I’ll just leave it here as to the enduring effects of the Nixon shock. &#x200B; # Triffin paradox The Triffin paradox explains why any sovereign currency serving as a global reserve currency is unworkable — the state issuing the reserve currency is required to continually run up a deficit to meet the world’s demand for its currency. This creates a conflict of interest between domestic and international monetary policies, which becomes untenable in the long run, leading to the collapse of the system. The average lifespan for reserve currencies is 95 years. Bitcoin is the only monetary system in history that has the properties to last forever, for, unlike all previous monetary systems, it doesn’t derive value from the authority or wealth of the issuer, which is fleeting, but a timeless universal constant — hard-coded mathematics. &#x200B; # Closing thoughts I’d like to earnestly urge everyone to read mainstream articles about Bitcoin through a lens of scrutiny as to the interests of those who own these organizations. There’s an ongoing campaign to poison the well with blatant disinformation while simultaneously accumulating Bitcoin for themselves. When you really burrow down the Bitcoin rabbit hole, you come to realize that Bitcoin is quite the culture shock, a monetary paradigm shift irreconcilable with the status quo sustained by immoderate expansion normalized through generational indoctrination of the rationally vulnerable to acquiesce to furtive post hoc theft of the value of their work and time, especially in the last 50 years post-Nixon shock. Mainstream media organizations are owned by the banking establishment and beneficiaries of the fiat pyramid scheme who stand to lose a lot of power if 8 billion people were to understand the peaceful revolution that is Bitcoin. There are no C-suites, marketing/PR teams in Bitcoin to manipulate public opinion or issue any official statements in rebuttal to intellectually dishonest journalism. Bitcoin keeps plowing along honestly, paying no mind to assorted naysayers motivated by self-interest seeking to further various agendas. Tick.. tock.. next block.. &#x200B; https://i.redd.it/86izkxf9g6w71.gif &#x200B; I hope the irony of an organization chaired by a former Federal Reserve president decrying the concentration of wealth in Bitcoin while we do not have the ability to peer into an open ledger to scrutinize the concentration of wealth and the transactions of bankers in the fiat monetary system is not lost on anyone. Bitcoin fixes this
It's great that the "bearish" price prediction is still $1.6M in 2034. I would prefer the $71M, but $1.6M is still pretty decent. :) S2F will break eventually. Bitcoin can't 8-10x every 4-5 years forever.
Ya, that dude 'got it' early.. Why would ANYONE use the dollar for international money transfer post-Bitcoin? Simple as. (Shitcoins and tx numbers aside....) Depreciating dollar brings institutional coffers, and then thats it. Its done.
It’s not that they have forgotten, they are just too new to understand that was the original goal. Too few people actually go down the rabbit hole and instead rely on r/Bitcoin and r/cryptocurrency
~~In July 2016 we dropped from 700 to 550. Since then, bitcoin has never had 4 consecutive red weekly candles.~~ Edit: lack of attention to detail on this one. 4 weeks of red happens pretty frequently.
thats why I never keep any big bag of Bitcoin in exchanges... moving it to wallet with private key and seed, wwhere no one can control it or block it from withdrawing it when needed it..
Minimum wage in 2016: $500 Projected minimum wage in 2022: $240 Turkish media celebrates this as a victory. In addition their president blames Crypto and declares a "War on Bitcoin" while illegalizing cryptocurrency exchange for goods
A Ponzi scheme has a fundamental mismatch between assets and liabilities, and it attempts to conceal that by bringing new participants in constantly. Bitcoin itself has no liabilities, it is all asset-backed and final settlement. Now, Bitcoin on a centralized exchange or in some sort of lending agreement, that could be a Ponzi scheme. But the ease with which a run could happen on such a scheme theoretically makes it more likely to be discovered early than any other kind of asset which can’t be settled cash final instantly and can be produced out of thin air to paper over losses (like USD). Any time you encounter a criticism, ask yourself, is this also true of fiat currencies? Is this even worse with fiat currencies? I think you will find that Bitcoin is superior money in literally every way possible.
Stablecoin backed by gold? Sounds cool at first… but what about instead a stablecoin backed by Bitcoin? Now that’s the future. Edit: lol must have forgot to add the /s or whatever to denote a joke/sarcasm
I have been selling some equities this week, trimming the fat before eoy and bitcoin feels like a friendly tree extending a branch down to me just as I thought I might want to pluck another fruit
Bitcoin prices dropped by more than 8% on 11th June- Do you think is this a good time to invest in? Are there any chances of a price rise in the coming days? Do share your views.
Companies are waking up to the fact that cash is being debased at around 10% per annum. Scary stuff. Going to purchase Lemonade at their lows and see if there is a correlation with the Bitcoin market.
I have a friend who is dead, he had $6000 worth of Bitcoins in 2015 his wallet was on his Macbook and nobody knows his password. I wonder how many dead people Bitcoin accounts are out there?
There are some established services out there like "Coinbase Commerce", but they don't support lightning payments and as far as I know are for online web stores only. If you're tech savvy and want to put in the effort to operate your own bitcoin lightning node you should check out the open source BTCPayServer. Pouch (pouch.ph) has a business account bitcoin/lightning app-based point-of-sale feature with authorized users into our app. (Disclaimer, I'm the founder, we have a few pilot businesses right now and would love to get you set up!)
Miners dont validate the blocks. Nodes do so. Nodes validate that the blocks conform to the network rules. Miners find the nonce so that the block hash satisfies certain rules adopted by the majority of nodes e.g. in bitcoin block hashes must start with N zeroes. This is so that only 1 valid block comes out approximately every 10 minutes. Otherwise if you don’t have this then miners can just push out millions of blocks a second and there is no value to the bitcoin rewarded from new valid blocks. Edit: wording
tldr; Bitcoin is a game of "nash equilibrium" in which everyone knows the rules to play, and anyone who cheats is immediately disqualified from the rewards of the game via the code itself. The more efficiently we can play the game, via cheap electricity or climates conducive to mining, the bigger that reward. Bitcoin is decentralization, as opposed to centralized ideate, build, beta test and launch techniques of most companies. *This summary is auto generated by a bot and not meant to replace reading the original article. As always, DYOR.*
People were wondering why such a campaign exists so I would like to explain how it all came to be. It started from multiple exchanges disabling withdrawals specifically for Bitcoin Cash and also big exchanges such as Binance started mining Bitcoin Cash aggressively shortly after, before enabling withdrawals of BCH again. These actions together with the price action of Bitcoin Cash raised a suspicion that these exchanges may have been engaging in naked short selling of Bitcoin Cash. Naked short selling BCH meant that they are selling Bitcoin Cash which they don't have. How can they do that? Well, because these are centralized exchanges that just need to update their own database to display that you have the BCH in your account, but they don't need to have these BCH, until of course the users withdraw the BCH into their own (users) wallet. This means they can sell as much BCH (even beyond the 21 million available limit) as they want and display a fake account balance to you, until you decide to withdraw your BCH into your own wallet. If the theory is indeed true that these exchanges had been engaging in naked short selling of Bitcoin Cash to deliberately suppress the price of BCH, then if everyone withdraw their BCH, the exchanges would be forced to buy them at any price to cover the withdrawals. It also meant that the exchanges who buy the BCH early, to cover their positions would benefit more than the exchanges who are forced to buy them at a higher price later, to cover their positions. This is just a theory that came up because (1) multiple exchanges disabled withdrawals specifically for BCH (2) Binance disabled withdrawal for BCH, then started mining BCH aggressively before enabling BCH withdrawals again (3) the price action of BCH from constant selling as if someone has unlimited BCH to sell. There are no disadvantages if everyone withdraw their BCH because it make sense to have the coins in your own wallet anyway. But if indeed exchanges or someone had been engaging in naked short selling, then the price of BCH can be unlimited when they are being forced to cover the users withdrawals of Bitcoin Cash.
Interlay, the globally-acclaimed platform in the field of blockchain interoperability has achieved a milestone by pooling $6.5M in funding led by DFG Capital. Read more- blockchain-council.org/news/interlay-supports-6-5m-to-aid-bitcoin-defi-interoperability/
As a small business owner wanting to accept Bitcoin, but with employees who aren't tech savvy, what path / platform would you recommend? To stay legal, it would also need to have a history and reporting for tax time.
Is your \#Bitcoin \#Cash homeward bound? \#BringYourBchHome by December 30th (off of those centralized exchanges!) and show the world we can hold our own \#cryptocurrency! \#bch \#BitcoinCash *** posted by @BitcoinOutLoud Photos in tweet Photo 1 ^(Github) ^| ^(What's new)
Are smart contracts really that important? Everybody seems to think so but I look at Ethereum and it is basically a tool to create shitcoins. I wouldn't mind if Bitcoin continued to exist exclusively as hard digital money.
Look at the crypto course in coursera by Dan boneh. Read bitcoin and ethereum white papers. Read this book: https://bitcoinbook.cs.princeton.edu/ That will give you a solid base and you will know more than 90% of crypto devs.
just updatedweekend bitcoin supply/demand itemized analysis. Latest average production cost is estimated at $36.4K\~, and short term fair value at $54K\~, expected to break $70K by 4th Q next year. So still longer term bullish for sure.
Use Newton cheapest fees and shake pay for free coin. Use their prepaid visa for 2-4% Bitcoin cash back on all purchases. It’s invite only. I got an invite left if you want in let me know
i loved this sub and it was my go-to for years when i was first learning about bitcoin. now time spent on this sub is just re-hashing the same conversations over with new people. and the new people all just became maxi's this year and think they know everything. want to lend your BTC for some passive yield? FUCK YOU briefly mention some other blockchain project may have some validity? FUCK YOU daytrader calling a local top? FUCK YOU do anything besides call for the moon and pump my BTC bags? FUCK YOU &#x200B; i love bitcoin. i also daytrade. now i spend more time on r/CC, r/algorand, r/crypto_com and places where people want to talk about new ideas. i can hodl bitcoin all by myself. these days this sub is good for price memes and an occasional novel technical post usually during the dips/crashes.
Got any links for me to understand lightening? I’ve never used my Bitcoin in the real world. I want to do this. I currently only buy through coinbase every two weeks and HODL on my Trezor. Built up a nice stack. Would be cool to use it in the real world. I think eventually the awake people will have to form their own community. Outside of the fiat hell scape. If we all create our own little communities using bitcoin. We can just get on with life and ignore the lunacy of a system based on debt. Thanks for sharing your story. I think I’m going to do as you do. Mimicking others is one of humans greatest traits. Bitcoin is the answer. I believe that whole heartedly. Any info on lightening would be great. Have a great day OP and thanks for the inspiring post.
You mean, like Strike is doing now? You make it wound like it's a bad. But it's just another use for Bitcoin. Oh, you mean they implement their own blockchain? so, "Blockchain, not Bitcoin"? 2016 called, they want their slogan back. In all seriousness, what would drive the value of this new blockchain? Would it be open to anyone to mine, transact, take custody, and trustlessly verify? Would it be decentralized? Why would the receiving entity trust it at all? Would it be censorship resistant? Would it have a supply cap? If it did have a supply cap, how can we be certain it won't be changed in the future? How would it be resistant to government interference? In addition to these, I'm sure there are other unique features of Bitcoin that the current legacy payment networks can't replicate just by invoking the word "blockchain"
Myself and accountant have been been trying to find out about rules on holding bitcoin as an asset within a registered charity. Due to the nature of the charity, we need a way to get payments to individuals anonymously (completely legal small amounts <$2000) without ever meeting them in person, or any other way that may expose their identity and jeopardize their safety. Accountant says that holding a speculative asset such as Bitcoin may jeopardize our charitable status, but that the rules seem unclear. I guess the solution would be to just use Bitcoin (purchasing when needed) as a utility, but not holding onto it. That's not even an option until we have more clarity on the rules though. Does anyone have any experience with this or direct me to more information on the subject. I can't seem to find what I'm looking for on google.
Some hopium... Altcoin Daily has 1.14 million subscribers and they just put out this video: Litecoin EXTREMELY Undervalued (30X POTENTIAL) Bitcoin Litecoin Crypto PRICE PREDICTION! edit: as of the time of this posting it already has over 21k views
Wonderful project, this project is very good and this projector has a lot of attractions.This project looks very great and has a lot of attractions. So, hopefully will be better in the future. #dao #pafdao #bitcoin #crypto https://www.pafdao.com/
If you were a whale and you knew a lot of Bitcoin holders were trying to cash out in China and abroad before Dec. 31 would you let them do it high or low? 70k per coin or 40k?
Crypto newbie here I'm new to the crypto world but I've worked for many years in the energy industry. I have access to a natural gas field, and my idea is to use this gas to mine for Bitcoin or provide it to a company that specializes in mining. High-level: * I have access to natural gas, in technical terms it's up to 500 Mcf per day of mostly methane. * I've talked to various companies about setting up a mining operation and have gotten quotes around $10 million to get running, the biggest cost being #1 the purchase of the miners and then #2 being buying a generator. * Based on current mining rates for the miners, I am guessing I could mine about 150 Bitcoin per year. At a price of $50k per Bitcoin, I'm in the range of $7.5 million in annual gross revenue. I recognize Bitcoin price fluctuations can be significant so this number will inevitably be different. * I'm assuming the miners have a 5-year life and I have to replace 1-2 per month. Am I onto something here or completely off track? Like I said my experience is in the energy industry but I'm new to crypto so please tell me if I'm way off.
Anyone know where i can buy a BlockClock Mini for cheaper? 400$ seems lil steep, i feel like i could build one for cheaper but i’m lazy. Also, any other cool Bitcoin items out there to buy besides more sats?
There are no guarantees! ONLY BUY BITCOIN IF YOU UNDERSTAND WHAT YOU ARE BUYING OK??? Its NO SURE BET! USD vs DCEP vs BTC! Read this before you start planning your villa in Portugal! https://b-ok.global/book/17416829/6f3cac
bitcoin quantamental forecast w/ option flows, mining stats, relative values to SPX/Oil/Gas, US Bank Credit Growth, avg. Hedge Fund relative performance, (new) 5y5y inflation expectations: weakly bullish from price at time of f'cast (61,950\~). graphs and write up.
4 years ago Bitcoin hit 10k for the first time. 2 weeks later it almost hit 20k. Litecoin hit 100 and two weeks later hit 375-420 depending on the exchange. Strap in the next 2 weeks is gonna be wild.
Look into Bitcoin mining difficulty increases, and halving events. But if you have effectively free power, there's a lot of profit potential. Older hardware will get you more TH/$, and is super attractive again, if you effectively have free power.
your question is meaningless. you can have "unlimited perpetual futures short" contracts available for anything without regulation. What's that have to do with the provable fact that there are only ~21 million bitcoin ever? That objective scarcity has an effect
is a mobile application, which facilitates blockchain payments. It makes it easy to send and receive cryptocurrency payments. For example, the Quarashi Wallet enables payments with Bitcoin, Ether and other cryptocurrencies. #QuarashiNetwork #cryptocurrency #ICO #blockchain #Bitcoins #Ethereum #Altcoin #startup https://quarashi.network/
He gifted bitcoin to the world, that it makes sense he doesn’t set it for selfish motives, i.e. being alive till the last block is mined (maybe not too selfish, but apparently not his concern.) He plays/played the long game.
Love this! Thanks for sharing…wish I would have read this 8 years ago though. Had a friend tell me about Bitcoin in 2009 and said, just buy $20 and forget about it…man do I wish I would have listened.
The bitcoin community split between two factions, one that wanted online cash as per the whitepaper, and one that became store of value. I use both, btc for savings and bch for online gambling, small cash purchases, and tipping u/chaintip
No. Bitcoin will not make everyone rich and stop poverty. What it will do is help people protect their purchasing power. Their money will not be devalued by a government. So yea they might not be making a lot but decades down the line they can save their money and actually retain that wealth unlike in today’s society where we are taught that spending and debt is good. You make 5 dollars today that’ll only be worth 1 dollar in the future. But in a bitcoin standard world that 5 dollars could be worth more in the future.
If you sell for fiat and spend the fiat, you haven't fixed the problem you do not have an income, let alone a diversified income. If you sell Bitcoin, sell it for capital equipment (machines that make money); a business; a multiple dwelling unit (apartments); or diversified dividend stocks or utilities, but those are very expensive right now. Fix your income situation then reacquire the Bitcoin with your new streams. edit: And if you are a programmer, start writing software you can license and stop selling your time! All talented programmers do is make other people rich when they take salaries.
Do it. Just know you aren't investing. You are converting your currency from a weak, ever inflating, ever debased currency that is losing purchasing power at an astronomical rate to a currency made out of digital granite that nobody will ever be able to devalue, debase or confiscate, and it's purchasing power greatly increases year after year. 😉 When you go to a brokerage, you are just purchasing the bitcoin they own at fair market value. When you buy on an exchange, you are literally being matched up with another person or entity who is looking to sell Bitcoin in their possession.
If you withdraw bitcoin from Shakepay, Shakepay pays the withdraw fee (the miner fee). So you don’t pay it. You’ll SEE it when you view the transaction from your ledger, because Shakepay paid it. They also batch it with other withdrawals. So you may see a few of $14 but that’s probably dozens and dozens of other people transactions all in one. Long story short, on withdraw, you don’t pay for the miner fee. When you deposit bitcoin INTO Shakepay, you pay the miner fee. They aren’t charging you, they just aren’t paying the miner fee (and there’s no way they could).
as in 1 key for the entire wallet ~~of various cryptos~~? Hierarchical Deterministic Wallet From one key, others can be generated. https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Deterministic_wallet I am using trust wallet I believe this is an Ethereum wallet? Which also supports Bitcoin? The implementations internally will be entirely separate. Keys for Bitcoin network aren't keys for Ethereum network. Looks like they implement their own type of HD Wallet on top for multi-crypto use. https://github.com/trustwallet/wallet-core/blob/master/src/HDWallet.cpp This function handling what to do for various coin types. https://github.com/trustwallet/wallet-core/blob/edee0ed3427086cc31d63271f5ce9a13292c1653/src/interface/TWCoinType.cpp
You're not wrong, although I don't know if energy usage will increase linearly with users (I imagine it will roughly). Lots of people claim Bitcoin can just run off renewables without realizing the scale. There's about 80,000 MW of hydro capacity in the US. At a 45% capacity factor, that's 315 TWh per year. That would cover existing Bitcoin mining, but not your projections. In addition, that hydro power is currently being used. It's powering homes, businesses, and industries. It's not like those hydro plants are just sitting idle, waiting for mining operations to come in and use their power. There are some times usually cool days in the spring and fall when solar and wind is curtailed. Bitcoin mining could use *some* of that power, if it's located in the right place; but there's no guarantee. At the end of the day, much of bitcoin's energy demand in the future will be met by fossil fuels. That's not FUD, it's facts.
Here is an analysis of what a Ponzi really is: https://seekingalpha.com/article/4404419-is-bitcoin-ponzi-scheme-point-point-analysis Robert McCauley should take a look at this NPR Planet Money interview from 2011: https://www.npr.org/sections/money/2011/08/24/138673630/what-is-bitcoin From that podcast: *Ronald Mann teaches at Columbia law school. He says bitcoins are legal, for now. But if it turns out they're used mostly for illegal stuff, the government could shut the currency down.* *The bigger challenge, Mann told us, is getting enough people to use the currency. "I see its future as a real currency as very limited." In five or ten years, Mann said, "I think it won't exist."* How long will we continue to be told by perceived thought-leaders that Bitcoin is a Ponzi and doomed to fail? Basically forever. One wonders if McCauley thinks Ethereum is a Ponzi too. None of these doomsayers seem to mention Ether.
What does it take to be an ethereum killer? In theory it would take a cryptocurrency that is truly decentralized like bitcoin, or monero, that is private like monero that supports smart contracts. Ethereum “1.0” was already not decentralized enough and ethereum after the “upgrade” to eth 2. Will be hardly a peer to peer decentralized immutable cryptocurrency like monero and bitcoin are today. In reality it may be a while until people and programmers can settle upon a way to achieve a currency(capable of ethereum like things) that has the technicals down to a tee, but that is why these are open source projects that anyone can work on, and honestly cryptocurrencies will have a super strong network effects like Facebook, Twitter, etc. and this is why I think bitcoin is, and will remain king. So what does it take to kill ethereum? A stronger network effect, and better technology. The market may or may not achieve that, only time will tell.
First a disclaimer for newbies and lurkers: ***Ł*****itecoin is a great coin. Fundamentals are golden:** **OG**, created in 2011 as a *clone of bitcoin but faster with negligible transaction fees*. **Hard capped supply** at *84 million coins that will ever exist* (21 million for bitcoin) **= scarcity**. **Lightning** **fast transactions** thanks to *lightning network* (shared with bitcoin, also *atomic swaps*) **= scalability**. **Privacy** and **fungibility** thanks to *MWEB*. **Security** thanks to *PoW* through *scrypt*. **Liquidity** thanks to being on basically *every exchange*. **OmniLite** for creating *NFTs*, *smart contracts*, *stablecoins*, *decentralized tokens*. **Adoption,** most recently **Paypal**, **Venmo**, **AMC**, **Newegg**, **interactive brokers**, **Grayscale** eyeing a **spot ETF conversion**, after three months on **Bitpay** litecoin shot to the **top of use**, **Amazon**, **Verifone**, **El Salvador**, **VISA**, **litecoin in most ATMs that have bitcoin**, **etc**. There's much more but I'll stop here so as not to overwhelm you and you can **DYOR** in the r/litecoin sub and elsewhere. Oh, also, did you notice **The Economist** put *litecoin on the cover next to bitcoin* for their 2022 issue? This thread was started as a place to vent frustrations about the market, trying to understand litecoin's underwhelming price action despite all the above. **We love the coin**, and until everyone catches on we're happy to bitch about the price here. **Welcome! :)** *P.S.* Oh yes, almost forgot: **Charlie Lee**, *the founder*, sold his coins in 2017 to make litecoin truly **decentralized**. *Boohoo, right? ;)* Something **even more amazing, half a decade later, he's still working on litecoin!** **For free** (if you count time as a free good)**!** Actually, **he even matches donations**! Take care! :)
Let's rephrase to reveal their true thinking: "We're part of soon to be redundant, broken, and incredibly inefficient system, hence we're quite scared that something like Bitcoin will replace us quite easily. Let's buy ourselves a bit more time by spreading FUD..."
It is the credibility of the monetary system itself that counts. Bitcoin is credible, but not quite available to everyone. If it were more widely available, it would most certainly be more widely used. So spread those Satoshis around, so number go up.
Asked someone else before, but he/she did not succeed in providing a result: Can you do log(price) vs. log(time) for bitcoin? I guess this will show a straight line indicating a decreasing relative price increase over time. Just being curious...
You can pay your bills with bitcoin, so you can avoid bank account completely, check out bylls.com. If you need a bank account there are some but they aren't cheap, likely around 2500 a month as you would be deemed high risk.
I am getting great APR with Cake DeFi which deals with DEFIChain coin $DFI. They do staking, lending, liquidity mining and now synthetic stocks. Very easy to use, based on Bitcoin and pays out every 12 hours. The way to go I say.
Meanwhile GBP for the last 10 years has been rapidly depreciating against BTC... BoE blatantly shitting its pants. Buy as much Bitcoin as you can afford. This is financial advice. No need to do your own research, I've done it for you!
i do since a long time and within the last 2-3 years more and more people take it if you ask them. or they at least take a tip in bitcoin. i use Muun wallet because it is very clean and easy!
This is an outstanding project with outstanding project team who are working very hard to make this project a great project. This project is directly connected to prepare finance and the financial world. #dao #pafdao #bitcoin #crypto https://t.me/PAFDAO https://www.pafdao.com/
Bitcoin and ethereum for long term. Full hard stop. Out of those you listed those are the ONLY ones that have stood the test of time, remember that in true bear markets 90% of coins end up falling off and never recover
When I first heard of it my dad wouldn't give me the money to buy it... I thought it would become a rad fringe technopunk revolution. Reality is I would be a millionaire now, but bitcoin is as corporate as coca cola
As a store of value? Yea completely. As a medium of exchange? I don’t really care what they want to price items in as long as my wallet can pay in Bitcoin and convert it to whatever they want to price things in.
It will hit $1 easily. I am thinking it will go to perhaps $2, but it won't happen until next bull run. When bitcoin shoots up to 200k or whatever next time around, that's when doge will shoot waaaay past $1 as well.
Talk about lacking detail, this read as "we are partnering to put the infrastructure in place to allow our card issuers to choose to allow bitcoin conversion" which basically means nothing has been done yet that actually affects us in any way.
This guy isn't watching Bitcoin happen, he's not even documenting it. He's making it happen. He knocks on the door of governments, of companies like Twitter, and now the IMF. This man has no fear, he just walks in and lays down the law. FIRE.
You know. I would try to get a stablecoin working on taproot, Bitcoin. If not though, I would use Algorand, and focus on making this stablecoin work as cheap as possible, so that people could well.. use it basically like the us dollar, but cryptographicly!
Its about that time again all you pumpers. We have been through this before. Lets get bch triple where it is against bitcoin and put bch where it should be (back at around $1400) this coin is right up there with the elite cryptos
I'm no expert on Bitcoin in particular, but there are ways to perform anonymous transactions in blockchains using zero-knowledge proofs. This is at least possible in Ethereum, Zcash, and Monero off the top of my head, but there are likely others as well.
*This sub HATES Bitcoin with a passion and I understand why to some extent, but at the end of the day fortune favours the brave.* &#x200B; Low key shilling of crypto.com there, either that or he took the Matt Damon advert WAY too seriously
Home prices are ultimately limited by incomes. Long term average, home prices track inflation when you properly account for the significant holding costs. I'd rather hold Bitcoin, with a long term average ROI of 130% per year, no holding costs, and portability across borders.
Would love to hear you guys about the bitcoin S2F predictions, we are nowhere where we should be! I kinda like this chart but we are not in the prediction right now. Love from tony montreal, im a french canadian and suport you guys!
I liked this comment from another thread: The research he's quoting disregards funds controlled by those who occasionally spend some of their balance. > Factoring out peeling chains reduces the computational burden and results in signif- icant reduction of addresses and clusters. While the original database has 896 million addresses, after we remove addresses in peeling chains we end up with 640 million ad- dresses. Theses addresses belong to 189 million clusters, of which 116 million clusters are single-address clusters. Unsurprisingly the conclusions they subsequently reach have a high error margin excluding this many addresses likely makes their conclusions useless. Elsewhere they use the word "spurious" to describe "volume"; essentially, they construct a strawman and then attack it (pattern forming here). The volume appears spurious due to the observer's perspective; that funds "should not" move from one address to another whenever funds are spent. > This process creates a large amount of spurious volume that obscures the true volume of transactions on the blockchain. My opinion/interpretation so far (I haven't yet read the paper in full) is that they are could be seeking justifications for the prohibition of users of bitcoin moving change to a new different output address whenever UTXOs are spent, which is common practice due to the greater privacy it grants users; since both these points relate to that behaviour. The author of the article, Paul Vigna seethes bitterness towards Bitcoin these days, I suppose he has lost considerable face over his Bitcoin articles over the years, but rather than continue writing about it, would be better to visit a psychologist or counsellor, rather than continue harming his audience. It's OK to be wrong, many here have had to accept that they were I'm sure Bitcoin is complex, and revolutionary. https://old.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/rlie45/the_wall_street_journal_wsj_attempt_to/hpga1ff/
A major sign of the shift will be when the US government authorizes people to pay their taxes in Bitcoin. That may sound far-fetched, but it's known in economics that the strongest money eventually chases out the bad money, even for governments. They can't force people to take their dollars internationally or when they hire government employees without everything falling apart. So they will end up seeking the money they themselves can use. This already happened in Iran, where the government is are trying to forcefully give their own citizens their Rials in exchange for mined Bitcoin, since other countries don't want their paper.
Early adopters take the most risk buying "worthless" tokens and get the most of the rewards. So they are seen as benefiting a lot while new adopters benefit a little. Basically the media outlets have missed the boat and are now sucking on sour grapes. Charles Ponzi scheme with postal coupon arbitrage (it was actually paying old investors with money from new investors) got to around $250 million. It should be renamed to Bernie Madoff Scheme, whose scam was worth about $65 billion. Bitcoin is not a Madoff scheme by definition. There are specific parts and factors in the scheme and bitcoin doesn't have them.
tldr; Bitcoin miner Abhishek Chaudhary has said that there is a lot of misunderstanding among people about how bitcoin and how the underlying blockchain works. He added that the process is designed such that doing the transaction takes upto 10 minutes no matter what, and only n number of transactions can be made at once. "To understand a hashing, consider this analogy, consider a blender, you put some stuff in it and blend it completely, and take out a spoon of the blended material," he said. *This summary is auto generated by a bot and not meant to replace reading the original article. As always, DYOR.*
Right now, there's no real reason for them to take a pay cut, but assuming Bitcoin becomes more widely adopted, can't these companies just run their networks using blockchain technology? I mean, it's incredibly easy to mimic, how hard would it be to make that switch?
IMO Bitcoin collapsing (assuming a true ‘collapse’ and not just a prolonged dwindle) would destroy confidence in the crypto space. All other crypto would tank based on the fear of one’s investment disappearing. They may eventually rebound, or crypto may never recover. No way to know.
tldr; A Ponzi scheme is a zero-sum enterprise. But bitcoin is a negative-sum phenomenon that you can’t even pursue a claim against, argues Robert McCauley. *This summary is auto generated by a bot and not meant to replace reading the original article. As always, DYOR.*
Title says it all. Reading up on The bitcoin standard and The Fiat standard this holiday, and a question that keeps coming back to me is if BTC can eliminate or drastically reduce poverty? I’m terrible at economy, so idk if the answer is obvious. Appreciate any input
Bitcoin creator was amongst the people on that mailing list.. cypherpunks have been trying to create a digital currency for a long time, and any crypto project knows them. You will find out that almost all cryptos have things in common with btc, there’s a simple reason for that.
We're repeating our mistakes again. Internet was sucking off Musk a while back and see what happened. Now we're on to this guy. >bitcoin will eventually replace the US dollar He can't be stupid enough to actually believe that. He is spewing that shit just to pump his bags.
I'm not Going to give anyone any Hopium, but I really Liked this guys video analysis of Litecoin in comparison to Bitcoin and how to two had correlated in the past , with the possibilities of Litecoin "Catching Up". Anyway its so Boring its something to watch... litecoin is undervalued
Saylor is still an idiot leading a failing company turned into a pseudo-ETF for BTC. He’s also on record encouraging people to mortgage or sell all their assets to buy BTC. No matter how much you love or believe in Bitcoin, that is reckless and idiotic behaviour.
Not sure what your charity does but it would be best for you to speak with a tax lawyer who specializes in crypto. Also, it’s unclear what your charity does but know that Bitcoin isn’t completely anonymous. It’s a far easier to track than cash in an envelope.
I don't believe there will be an "Ethereum killer", at least not in our lifetimes. With the rise of zkRollups it's going to be Ethereum or Syscoin that they will choose to settle on for security. Not a competition, just alternatives for zkRollups to choose if they want to be secured by Ethereum PoS or Bitcoin PoW (Syscoin is merged-mined with Bitcoin). Essentially, the vast majority of execution will be done on zkRollups, data will be made available in a decentralized manner (not stored on-chain), and the zkRollups will post their state transitions to settlement layers (Ethereum/Syscoin) for security. This is the future. If you want to understand more you should check out epolynya on twitter.
Bob wants to send Grandmother 1.5 Bitcoins. Bob has a Bitcoin wallet; so does Grandmother. Grandmother uses her wallet to generate a receive address. She emails it to Bob. Bob copies and pastes Grandmother's address into his wallet (and checks it). He enters 1.5 BTC, then clicks "Send". Grandmother sees the unconfirmed transaction. After several minutes she sees her transaction's first confirmation. The Bitcoins are hers. Grandmother doesn't need to know jack shit about mining rigs, nodes, or hardware wallets, the "Three Easy Pieces," according to the article. If she's interested, Grandmother will eventually begin to learn some of those other things. But she doesn't need to understand those things to use Bitcoin.
It's too bad you can't move culture from one chain to bitcoin. That's why most DAOs and dapps, and progressive ideas that don't exist yet, will mostly stay on the other chain(s) that shall not be named, and will have the network effect, while all the old stuff will be on bitcoin. Bitcoiners are just now finding about DAOs, and other chains have already known about it for years due to information asymmetry and culture. Devs will need to be up to date on what's happening on the other chains to know what to create on LN, and they'll need to be proficient with the programming languages to fully understand what's going on.
All I can say is thank you Bitcoin and crypto in general. I've had mutual funds and 401k's for decades now, but this crazy interment money has revolutionized the concept of financial freedom and sound money. For the first time I'm actually pondering the possibility of retiring before I turn 50.
This is extremely misleading because most of those wallets are tied to an exchange and 5% of all BTC is in Satoshi's wallet. So its really 9,999 wallets have 22% of all bitcoin, and most of that is owned by millions of different people. Unfortunately that makes a shitty headline
I got perma banned from /r/fire just for laughing at the cluelessness of that sub when it comes to Bitcoin. That place is filled with the classic “it solves no problem! Scam! Bubble! Tulips!” fools You can lead a horse to water but your can’t make it drink, folks!
Let’s hope Bitcoin dominance wanes of as here explained https://www.reddit.com/r/CryptoCurrency/comments/rbsms7/bitcoin_is_about_to_break_40_dominance_altcoin/ And each crypto coin starts to have its own life based on own performance . And get to a point where it influence is not more as APPLE collapsing having an impact on the SP500
I'm using Braiins OS on a bitcoin miner. Does anyone know how to check the current power draw? I know there is a way to set a power limit, but I'm curious to calculate and graph my efficiency in J/Th. It will also help in calculating my electricity usage. Thanks.
I view bitcoin as one of greatest inventions. It is true ownership something that you can own without third parties and censorship. It empowers the people by giving them this option. P.S. It brakes my heart seeing people fooled into altcoins by immoral paid shills like "bitboy crypto", "suppoman", etc.
Look into Celsius or Blockfi for Bitcoin and a few other assets. They are centralized but easier to get I to and learn more about the process. Then you can look into Defi solutions. If you have a coin that is not listed there research the coin and its staking options.
I can finally give my tax dollars to governance I actually care about! Go through my taxes early, net it to 0 with donations to devs, and the money that was going to the government is now going to bitcoin development. I'll literally never have to pay annual taxes again.
